 Everyone was frozen in place. The king on his throne, the soldiers in their stations, and the royal magicians on the court. As well as the 200-year-old advisor stationed by the king. Everyone was overwhelmed, captivated, and terrified. Flowing golden hair was tinged with a scarlet hue at its ends. Eyes that surveyed the surroundings were dyed the scarlet color of a blazing fire. A pure white dress and a deep crimson overcoat hugged her unblemished, fair skin. She was so beautiful that just the difference in the level of perfection was able to make the onlookers feel pitiful, and her perfectly proportioned body was flawless to the very end. Peeking out of the overcoat was the proof of the member of the flugel race. Yet, she possessed large, jet black wings of taboo. As if they were welcoming the true king of the nation, everyone hung their heads, trembling in fear. Raising their heads was impossible. Looking forward was forbidden. The retainers’ knees trembled against the ground as if paying their respects. Radiating an aura of domination and surrounded by the prostrating postures of numerous people, it was truly the appearance of a king. She wore the presence of a ruler around her, and every motion held conviction. And in the midst of this maelstrom. Having forced the entirety of the castle into submission without a lifting a finger, the young girl silently smiled and thought to herself. I’m screwed, why are all these strangers bowing their heads to me? What in hell is this? A practical joke? What do they want from me? How did it come to this? Someone help! —it was none other than the young girl herself whose mental state was in the most disorder. Exactly how did things turn out this way? I guess I must first explain this in order. However, there is something I need to say before I explain. —I’m actually a man. An exceedingly normal, healthy man. And with that in mind, I humbly request your audience. First of all...; let’s see. I was just playing games like any other day. “X-gate online” It was launched in the year 2027 and it has been six years since its release. The game was set in the parallel world of Midgard. The original game had a straightforward melee and magic attack system and was eventually converted from an RPG into an open-world TRPG. It seems like the original was an online game as well, but I unfortunately was not in possession of the game console, so I never played it. ...;well no, I did consider buying it. The Dreamstation console, I mean. The Dreamstation was a game console manufactured around 20 years ago, so it was pretty difficult to get your hands on. And we didn’t have a second-hand video game store in our neighborhood either. Well, that’s how it was. Without any major twists, the game created a friendly experience for a beginner. Players mainly used swords or magic for combat. There were monsters, elves, fairies, and a great variety of races appeared across the map. A frequently used setting, right? Open world RPG’s are all about familiarizing yourself with a game you can enjoy for a long time after all. At the time the game was released, I had picked it up on a whim as a high school student. I had no particular reason to do so, nor did a friend recommend the game. It was purely on a whim...; it had somehow caught my eye by chance and it was free-to-play, so I thought I might as well give it a go. The result—a complete addiction. I became the so called ‘fanatic’. Anyhow, I dedicated as much time my schedule could afford, and all my free time was devoted to the game. I eventually even obtained cash shop items, for which I even picked up a simple side job I could do from home. Why work at home? ...;if I left the house I wouldn’t be able to game after all. Even my time spent at school felt wasted. And of course, I was a faithful member of the go-home club. My happiness—and the happiness of the great majority of players’ was something decided by how soon we could see the login page again. As the number of game addicts increased, it seems that a law was passed to regulate the distribution of online games around ten years ago. Then, in accordance with the regulation, “X-gate Online” limited the daily playing time to ten hours. As a result, I was able to obtain the same login time as other addicts while commuting to school, and was able to maintain my status as one of the top players in the game. I continued to nurture my in-game character. I raised my level in numerous different classes of characters in a frantic pace. I also alternated between various (in-game) jobs on countless occasions. One of the most appealing aspects of the game was the expansive character customization. I think there were...; 8,687,500 different character customizations in total. The ability to freely combine those options allowed for an infinite variety of avatars. This further enabled your ability to foster your love for your own character. Using this system, the character I created, Ruphas Mafal, was a young girl of the flugel race. The flugel was one of the many races in the game. It was a race capable of flight and had high-level basic abilities in exchange for being unable to learn all classes of magic. They were also nicknamed the “race of rulers” and were endowed with high charisma and the ability to tame monsters the moment they were born. These abilities were reflected in the actual gameplay. Furthermore, the flugels had a skill that nullified attacks from opponents with a significant level difference compared your own. Well, this skill was rendered ineffective during boss battles, though. I trained and trained with Ruphas. I armed her with cash shop equipment and would participate in all of the in-game special events possible. Before long, I established a nation. This would expand the influence that my character possessed. It started off small, but it steadily grew in size. The game also included a feature that allowed you to wage “war”. Two countries would fight with all their might and the losing nation would be absorbed into the winner’s realm of influence. Ruphas used this system to her heart’s content and invaded numerous nations. Of course, though it’s called an “invasion”, both nations have to give their consent. However, you attacked without an agreement you would just be internet trolling. In the blink of an eye, you would be shamed and hated by the entire community. There was one more special feature in the game: the “novel system” Made in collaboration with one of the largest online fiction novel publishers, the system allows players to compile their action into a “formal history” similar to a fiction novel. “For this reason, I waged war.” “We suffered through so much to fulfill this request.” If you sent these to the official website, the accepted narrations would actually appear on the homepage and be implemented into the game. If you paid the money, even a small accomplishment could be written as a glorious tale. As a result, there were unique backstories wherever you went in “X-gate Online”, and all players served as protagonists of the story. In addition, if there was a major turning point in the game, the event would be recorded into “history” for free. Known by every single player, my character, Ruphas, even became a semi-official character of the game. She demolished all opposing forces, becoming the first ever supreme ruler who united all of mankind under one sphere of influence. The black wings of dread—Ruphas Mafal. Yes. At one point in time, I held influence over the entire in-game world in the palm of my hand and created an era of my own. As one would expect, the Demon King and his followers could not be turned into followers, but other than solo players, all players became citizens of Ruphas’s nation. This became a major event recorded in the above-mentioned novel system. Displayed alongside the demon king as the “wild last boss”, I was often told that “you should just replace the last boss” and various other comments along those lines. However, there was a problem. Frankly, the game was boring with a single supreme ruler. The long awaited war functionality was rendered useless and it became extremely difficult for novice players to establish their own nations. That’s when I started a discussion with the higher level players and planned a massive event upon player suggestions. I even consulted a famous author on the publishing website and wrote up our own turning point of history. The story went like this. With her overwhelming military might, supreme ruler Ruphas invaded and unified the world. However, a group of heroes assembled from the far corners of the world. Grasping the chance to revolt, they naturally confronted the great evil in the name of goodwill! Oh valiant heroes, I commend you for your great courage. Now is the time to break free of the chains of tyranny and overthrow the throne! —yup. I completely played the villain. Ruphas then secretly split her territory into two different parts. And with Ruphas leading the imperial army and the heroes leading the rebel forces, a battle of incomparable scale took place. To put it simply, I lost. I mean, all the prominent players were on the opposing team, you know? There was no way in hell I could have won. Nevertheless, I stood my ground until the very end. Before I knew it, I was the only one left standing, but I continued to rampage to my heart’s desire. Our forces consisted of eighty percent of low-level players who didn’t stand a chance as they engaged in one-on-one combat with the enemy commander. ...;well, at that point in time, I only had a remaining HP of two, though. Yup. Damage taken from a single attack. In a preemptive strike, we were able to exhaust the opponent’s stamina and health, but they activated the skill, [Switch Places] immediately after. And then they staged their glorious victory. They totally did that on purpose. And in the end, on top of barraging us with overkill attacks, they even went as far to seal us into a different dimension. (By banishing an opponent into a subspace their revival time is prolonged.) Stop it already! My health is already zero! Well, it would have been awkward to just be defeated in silence, so before being sealed I also read some cool lines. “Magnificent! That was magnificent, heroes! You have clearly expressed your overwhelming power! A party of your caliber might just be able to stand up to the Demon King!” —or something. Well, yeah. I was still a teenager. Defeated, Ruphas went into hiding and the world was freed from her rule—was how the event was portrayed in the completed story It gained quite the reputation, receiving comments like “So I’m fine with the story ending here?”, “Nice finale”, “Hey, don’t just forget about the Demon King (LOL)!”, “Demon King? Ah, you mean the guy who’s been hiding until Ruphas-sama was done in. Uuuh, what was his name again?”, and “You guys are too cruel XDDDDD”. Although defeated, I felt satisfied having completed a great event and gazed at the display with a wide grin. The following day, when I tried to log in for the second time, an unfamiliar character appeared on the screen. Her name was Alovenas, the creator of the world. Apparently, she was the goddess who was also, to put it bluntly, the representation of game administration. She often made her appearance in tutorials and in-game event announcements. Her offensive ability, HP, and defensive power were definite numbers, but it was not something you could possibly defeat. Hell, she had 999 billion HP. Don’t screw with me. Even boss characters have a threshold of around a million HP. That official cheat character appeared to tell me something. “Would you like to be granted a new role?” I thought it might be an official message from the game. Presently, Ruphas was listed beside the Demon King as one of the major boss characters of “X-gate online”. Naturally, the administrators couldn’t just leave it as it was. After being defeated in such a dramatic manner, just casually logging in as if nothing happened would be a bit too...; well, you get the point. Even I thought it would have been a bit anticlimactic. And if I just strolled back into the game, what would happen to the story? In that case, this message was a godsend. So I replied with the “Yes” option. I didn’t know what kind of event it was, but I’ve participated in every in-game event to this point. That’s why regardless of what kind of role it was, I would accept the challenge head on. I thou—. Then, my vision blacked out. 〜〜〜〜〜〜〜〜 And we have now arrived at the present situation. Prostrating figures surround me. A heavy weight on my chest and sense of loss between my legs. My body was hugged by a dress and overcoat. Long hair framed my field of vision and a pair of wings sprout from my back. With strangely clear eyesight, I gazed at a distant window, where the appearance of an absurdly beautiful girl was reflected. I...; turned into Ruphas? Nonono, no waaaay. I’m male, you know? Ruphas is female, you know? You’d feel more motivated if I’m playing as a cute girl rather than an old man, right? For that stupid reason, I spent a couple of hours customizing my own beautiful girl, you know? But turning into that character is a different matter. The view is gone, goddammit! “...;hmph, I don’t quite understand the current situation...; so is someone going to explain it to me?” ...;heeey. I knew my voice would change. That was within expectations. But this arrogance in my tone! Somehow, when I tried to say “Sorry, I don’t really understand the current situation. I would really appreciate it if someone would give an explanation.” the words came out of my mouth in a needlessly haughty tone. Isn’t this the tone I used when I was roleplaying Luphas? “What’s wrong, children of mankind? Raise your heads. How long do you plan on prostrating? Or is that your normal posture? In that case, let me apologize for my ignorance.” What’s wrong? Please raise your heads. If you continue to maintain that posture, I won’t be able to stand it. Or if you would pardon me for asking, is that your normal posture? In that case, I apologize for my lack of common sense—is what I tried to say. I sound way too oppressive. Shoot, no matter what I try to say in this tone, it’ll just end up sounding haughty again. What do I even do? ...;ah, I see! It was my [overpowering] skill! That skill’s probably activated. Uuuh, I’m positive you could switch it on and off...; calm down already, [overpowering]! Ugh, the pressure is unbearable...;! “...;ah, I see. Pardon me, I have been careless. It would be hard to converse with this activated.” [Overpowering] off! There was no convenient (computer) window, but I somehow dealt with the problem through intuition. As for whether my attempt was successful, the people who were prostrating before me finally raised their heads and cast their trembling gazes upon me. “Wo—woah...; This figure...; No way...; so you were alive...;” The gentleman dressed like a Shinto priest said with a trembling voice. How rude. I have no recollection of having died before. Ah, but Ruphas just died the other day, though. “Ye—Yeah, we made an incredible miscalculation. An unforgivable...; unforgivable mistake. During the summoning of a hero, we have instead undone the seal on the Supreme Ruler...;” “—hmph, I see. Seems like this man knows who I am. Then let’s have you explain the situation to me.” It seems like this man knows who I am. Then it would be a bit better to ask him for an explanation. To grant him a peace of mind, I smiled and gently informed him of my harmlessness. “Don’t be so afraid, child of man. I won’t do any harm to you and your compatriots...; just relax, and start talking.” —but there really is nothing I can do about this haughtiness, is there. 【The setting you don’t really have to remember】 The original game ran on the Dreamstation game console and was eventually converted into a TRPG and an MMO as well. It was not a VR. Unlike all the MMORPG’s so far, it was closer to a TRPG. For instance, when changing classes, you could retain the skills of your previous class in secrecy. In collaboration with one of the largest online publishing sites, player actions and choices were recorded as a story. (However, in reality, whether your actions would really be written about actually just depended on how the authors felt about it. Players would submit drafts that said “this is how it all played out!” and if you were lucky, it would be picked up by an author and written as a story. There are also authors who would accept money for the service, and it was plenty possible to record your accomplishments by paying. However, not just anyone could become an author. They were properly picked out by the administration and rarely would you find a shitty story.) While standing in a gray area between an RPG and a TRPG, the game also comprised of the elements of a novel, giving it the peculiar title of an MMONRPG (Mass Multiplayer Online Novel Role Playing Game). This system had quite the reputation with players who were crazed over character personalization. Nevertheless, a number of players felt nothing from their actions being written as a story.  Six years after its release, the game has a total of over 8 million players internationally. It was fundamentally free-to-play, but as you proceeded throughout the game, it would continue to pressure you to spend real money. The game was produced by Niente Corporation. The black winged ruler, Ruphas Mafahl. 200 years ago, the year 2800 on the Midgard calendar, a supreme being wearing the appearance of a lovely young girl distinguished herself. With a swing of her arm, she could sever the necks of dragons the size of mountains. With a matter of moments, she could traverse the distance of a thousand miles. Haughtiness and unparalleled cruelty. No matter who rose up against her, she crushed them mercilessly. The weak barely had the strength to stand in her presence. The strong were torn apart like flimsy scraps of paper and discarded along the roadside. As the only person who the Demon King avoided, many scholars insisted that if she had continued to hold the reins of the world, the Demon King would have already departed from the realm of the living. Powerfully, powerfully, she pressed forward. And that power brought forth the unification of the entire world. However, overwhelming power gave birth to fear. It was an era during which people were not as weak as they are now. At a time when it was still possible to oppose Ruphas, a group of heroes gathered their courage and stood in defiance. The people began to rise up to protest against the supreme ruler. I dare say that this was the first time since the dawn of history that mankind was so unified. Even as the dictator they stood against, only she was able to achieve a feat of this scale. Tied together by bonds of steel, the heroes penetrated the Overlord’s defenses. Having finished off the 12 generals under her command, they were finally able to drag Ruphas out to the battlefield. The battle spanned over one day and one night. The overwhelming pressure that Ruphas exerted forced the weak to their knees, crushing the wills of 7 million of the 8 million warriors who stood to confront her. Slashing, stabbing, and crushing. Ruphas fought at the border between life and death while taking on a multitude of heroes at once. With cuts and burns covering her body, she finally landed a fatal blow against the heroes’ forces. However, the heroes stood back up. And harboring the power of hope, they set their sights on victory again. What followed was an all-out attack from the heroes. Even Ruphas Mafahl would not be able to get out of this predicament unharmed. But even so, she smiled. And with a pleasant smile spread across her face, she shouted. “Magnificent! Magnificent, my heroes! You have done well to surpass my abilities! I express my deepest respect for your unyielding courage and overwhelming strength! However, you must not forget that darkness that still remains in this world. This party may stand a chance against that Demon King—but in the event that you lose that battle, the world will be engulfed in even more darkness than it is in now. Whether your future holds hope or misfortune, I will ascertain with my own eyes from the darkest depths of hell! Kuhahahahaha...; haaahahahahahaha!” Thus, the era of Ruphas Mafal’s rule came to an end. The already overthrown ruler was then sealed into a separate dimension, never to set a foot in this world again. Supposedly. Shoot, then how exactly do I explain this? How am I supposed to explain the black winged girl standing right before their eyes? “So, how long are you going to make me wait? You—you didn’t explain the current situation to me, did you? The pitiful figure of the king’s advisor sat facing Ruphas in the royal council room. As the young elf who succumbed to the overpowering pressure expelled by the Supreme Ruler during the battle that took place 200 years ago, the advisor pondered to himself. When attempting to summon a hero, did divine punishment rain down instead? Ah, but the benevolent Goddess of Genesis Alovenas would never...; Reviving the Overlord in an attempt to summon heroes was a bit too...; Without any regard to the advisor’s mental distress, Ruphas crossed her arms and thought. These wings are going to be a real nuisance when trying to sit down. 〜〜〜〜〜〜〜〜 It took several minutes to successfully prompt the beautiful long-eared man to begin speaking. At certain intervals, he would quickly glance at me and then immediately avert his eyes and tremble in fear. Somehow, little by little, he confirmed my approval and finally decided to speak. I have summarized the contents into these three main points. After the span of two hundred years, the Demon King remained undefeated. Ah, I know! Let’s summon a hero using the X-gate system. Somehow, the last boss appeared instead of the hero...; ←here we are. ...;so short. For this to take over ten minutes to explain...; am I really that scary? But I already had a slight impression that this was inside of the game. On the other hand, I wonder just how much Midgard changed over the course of 200 years. I’m actually feeling a bit excited about this predicament. I have an optimistic personality to begin with, so as long as I can enjoy myself right now, I frankly don’t give a shit about the trivial details. I am able to walk the splendid world of X-gate online in the body of the character I poured my heart into making. To online game addicts, this is already the highest form of reward. Ah, that’s right. The name “X-gate online” was derived from X-gate magic, which was the basis of the game’s magic system. Dating back to before the game was made into an MMO, it seems like the protagonist was a commonplace high schooler. The protagonist was summoned through the X-gate and until he was able to defeat the Demon King, he would remain as a resident of that world. Well, as an online game, pretty much the only thing that remained of that backstory was the name and the bare existence of the magic. It was quite depressing. Come to think of it, didn’t the appearance of heroes happen around year 3000 in the Midgard calendar? Oh wait, isn’t that right now? I don’t know if any heroes from a different world will appear, but if I ever get the chance to meet them, I’ll definitely try to get their autograph...; yeah. On that note, I should probably consider my next course of actions. That elf advisor and the king have been trembling in that corner for some time now. First of all, I should demonstrate my harmlessness by leaving as soon as possible. “...;I see. I understand now. So the Demon King is still going strong. Isn’t he a tenacious one?” Because it was mainly my fault he went from being the Demon King to being called the Demon King (LOL), I’m frankly relieved that he’s still in good health. Then, when they attempted to summon a hero, I popped out of the gacha instead. How do I say this...; I mean...; sorry? I might have just ruined the hero’s debut into the story. “Ah, do not fret. At this point in time, I no longer intend to take any drastic actions against this world. A body which already tasted defeat is a body that’s stopped dreaming...; it is too late for me to try to achieve something.” “Ca—Can we believe those words?” “Affirmative. Although I was defeated, a battle of that scale has left me satisfied. While I am a bit disgruntled that the individuals that overthrew me were unable to defeat the Demon King...; well, it’s fine. More importantly, I would like to travel this world and admire it from afar.” I’ll leave dealing with the Demon King to the heroes for the time being. Instead of taking up some meddlesome quest, I would rather explore the world of Midgard. I want to journey across it on my own two feet and see it with my own two eyes. In all honesty, it takes all of my willpower just to refrain from taking off in excitement. “A king without followers and an abandoned throne. Insisting on a monarchy now would be comical, wouldn’t it? The Overlord Ruphas is no longer of this world. I am little more than a girl with shattered dreams.” I don’t feel like going as far to name myself the Supreme Ruler in this world as well. That’s like the direct path of earning a wanted poster. I simply want to lead a carefree lifestyle, enjoying life to its fullest potential here. And I’ll ponder how to return to my world while I’m at it. “Therefore, there is no need for you to panic. Just forget about me and keep summoning heroes or something.” I will have a mental breakdown if I remain here any longer. I stood up from my seat and pushed open the nearby window. It was a wonder how I knew how to move the wings that I only just received. Somehow, my body understood the fundamentals of flight. From a scientific perspective, a pair of wings cannot support the human body weight in the air. However, my instincts had flashed me the green light anyways. “Well then, I will be leaving. If there’s an opportunity, I’m sure we’ll meet again.” “Wa—wait!” Ignoring the voice calling out to me, I beat my wings. And with a push of my legs, my magnificent form took to the skies. In the blink of an eye, I separated from the ground and the castle shrunk to the size of a grain of sand. Woah...; Flying...; I’m flying! Traversing the skies and piercing the heavens! I wonder how I can express these feelings in words. Freedom—exactly, it’s freedom. The delight from removing the shackles of gravity. Feet not touching the ground, I escaped to the boundless world above the clouds. Spinning, soaring, and gliding—I flew to my heart’s desires! “Fu, fufu...;...; hahahahaha!” From above the clouds, I swooped dangerously close to the ground. And just before coming into contact with the ground, I ascended back into the skies, where you could see the land stretching infinitely into the horizon. Right here, right now, these vast skies belong to me and only me. There were no crowds nor traffic to get in the way. I can fly limitlessly and go anywhere humanly possible. “Fufu...; it feels good to fly through the sky like this. Now then, where shall we head first?” With so many choices, I was barraged with indecision. Well, first of all, this country isn’t an option. On the chance that the elf advisor or king ordered their citizens to capture me on sight, it would be a real pain in the ass. I want to travel this world in leisure after all. “...;hm? Wait, isn’t that...; I see, so it still remains.” Troubled, “that” rose into my field of vision. It was a obsidian black tower that pierced the skies. As if challenging the heavens, the building stood boldly against the vastness of the sky. There is no way I would ever forget its dauntless appearance. It was the symbol of our influence that we built together after all. The skyscraper “Mafahl”. My...;, no, the base that we erected together. “I guess the first destination has already been decided, huh” I redirected my course of flight, flapping my wings. Estimate the distance to the tower was difficult because it was visible from almost anywhere on the map. It was probably a fairly long distance to cover, but with my current abilities, it was barely a problem. I had wings able to carry me to the heavens after all. “Hup!” I flew towards the tower with all of my might. It was a good chance to test the limits of this body and above all, and I wanted to see what speeds I could accomplish. The landscape blurred by at tremendous speeds and the wind pressed my cheeks. Though I’m not too sure, it seems I was able to achieve speeds that far surpassed that of a bullet train. Moreover, I was able to make tight turns and my vision remained flawless. Any birds in my way were easily evaded and it took no additional effort to maintain my speed while making sharp turns. Ah, this is so satisfying. My heart feels light and carefree. I never knew something as simple as flying would be able to bring such freedom and satisfaction! However, everything eventually comes to an end. I arrived at my destination just minutes after taking off, Stopping abruptly, large gusts of wind roared and the atmosphere quivered around me. It was expected that the arrival of something the size of a human moving at such extreme speeds would be accompanied by such violent winds. In fact, weak opponent would have been blown away just by the impact. This time, I ascended. Far above the clouds, I set my eyes on the summit of the tower, where only a select few with finely tuned flight abilities could reach. According to the myth, when Icarus drew too close to the sun, his wax wings dissolved and he fell to his demise. But the quality of my wings are not to be compared to simple wax. Just sunlight would never be enough to damage them. Many thousands of meters above ground, I made my way to the only entrance. There were two ways of entering the building. The first was to enter from high altitude. The second was to open the door to the building from the inside. Even I think it’s a pretty worthless design. While recalling these memories, I stepped into the tower and headed towards the room reserved for the guild master. Nations in &#8220;X-gate online&#8221;—basically players with influence—were allowed to construct a stronghold for their guild. The most popular choice was a castle, but there were no particular restrictions on what appearance it could take. A rare few took on the shape of shrines and temples, and one particular stronghold was even designed after a coffee shop. While it’s hard to imagine a coffee shop serving as the heart of a nation, it was something made possible within the game. And from the innumerous options, the design I chose was a tower. In no time, I had fallen into a trance and was fully exploiting the customization system. The tower was redesigned every time our influence expanded. By borrowing the minds of players who had a better eye for art, the &#8220;Tower of Mafahl&#8221; eventually became one of the most awe-inspiring structures of the game. &#8220;...;though it’s abandoned...; it’s still so...; breathtaking.&#8221; But as you would expect, after a period of two hundred years, the inside of the tower became layered in dust. Nevertheless, the beautiful designs that decorated the skyscraper’s interior peeked out from under the grime. As I walked straight ahead, a cracked, yet impressive crimson throne came into view. The shattered windows were once beautiful stained glass. Poking a finger into a crack that ran along the wall, I recall the joyful memories made in this room. Everyone was here with me. Here, we discussed how we would increase our influence. This was the site where we made an oath as guild members and considered our future expeditions. We made merry deep into the night, drowning ourselves in wine...; ...;wait a second, why do I recall these memories as if I was there in person? Ruphas was the one who drank wine in-game—not me. I simply watched through my computer screen, right? What am I even reminiscing about in the first place? It was only days ago that I split my territory into two parts. It’s way too soon to start getting nostalgic about anything. Shoot, there’s a possibility my memories may be merging with Ruphas’s. I’m going to end up mistaking the game for reality if this continues. I’m having a hard time distinguishing between the two even now. Besides— &#8220;How strange. This should be my first time seeing this in person, but it somehow feels so nostalgic. I feel a sense of security by just being here.&#8221; Nostalgia wells up in my chest. It was as if I had returned home after a journey around the world. A mysterious feeling. Am I going crazy? Or is my consciousness really merging with Ruphas’s? It’s impossible to know right now. &#8220;...;hm?&#8221; My voice slipped out in surprise. Here, where none other than myself was permitted entry, a sound resounded through the room. I directed my line of sight towards the source of the sound. There, a young girl I didn’t recognize stood before me. She possessed pale blue hair the color of the sea complimented by her marine blue eyes. Her simple, white clothing lightly wrapped around her smooth, snow white skin. Moreover, her facial features were stunning. ...;an unfamiliar face. At the very least, she wasn’t among guild members I gave permission to step foot on the very highest floor of the tower. Who is she? And why is she here? &#8220;—Ruphas-sama! Aren’t you Ruphas Mafahl-sama?&#8221; Calling out my name, she ran to me and gripped my hands tightly with her own. Just the sincere smile plastered across her face was enough to express just how blessed she thought she was to witness my return. Sadly, I don’t recognize her at all. &#8220;Who...; are you?&#8221; &#8220;Ho-How cruel! Have you already forgotten me? Forgotten about Dina, your most loyal advisor? I’ve been waiting 200 years in this tower for your return, you know!?&#8221; Dina? Advisor? What is this girl saying? In place of an advisor, I instead had my guild members. And even then, none of them were named Dina. I never did have a designated advisor to begin with. Not to even mention a young girl named Dina...; ...;...; —no, she existed. That’s right, I remember now. When I first built the stronghold, I decorated the tower with various ornamental objects, and among them, I faintly recall positioning an NPC with the appearance of a young girl. Yup, characters were also included in the decorations for a stronghold. They simply paced aimlessly about the chamber that they were assigned to. Their only purpose was to add more depth to the background, but I had gone out of my way to place one anyways. It was merely because I had thought a stronghold without even a single mob would be a bit too lonely for my taste. Although I had completely forgotten its existence before long, it seems I had named it something along the lines of &#8220;Ruphas’s Advisor&#8221; and given it a strange backstory. However, she had no real offensive powers and frankly, she was just another ornament not even worth taking note of. Before I knew it, she became another part of the background. And that girl, out of her own free will, chose to spend the span of 200 years of her life waiting for my return? Regardless of whether I remembered her or not? She had remained faithful to the role I granted her and continued to stay here, alone? &#8220;Ah, I see...; I remember now. Forgive me, Dina. To forget an existence as important as yours...; something must be wrong with me.&#8221; This is not a game. It struck me how naive my attitude towards this world had been up until now. If I continued to treat this world as a game, I could ruin the lives of thousands. Forgetting an NPC in a game would just result in a couple seconds of confusion. However, doing the same with a person with genuine emotions is an unforgivable insult to their existence. &#8220;I commend you for your services. You have done well to protect this place during my absence, Dina.&#8221; &#8220;I—I am unworthy of such praise!&#8221; I will never again think of her as an &#8220;ornament in the shape of a human&#8221;, but instead as another individual. &#8220;Um, Ruphas-sama. How were you able to return to this world?&#8221; &#8220;Ah. It seems a nation a bit to the west was attempting to summon a hero, but they messed up and returned me from the separate dimension. I owe it to their recklessness that I am able to be here right now.&#8221; &#8220;Levatin...; should be the country that lies west from here. They’ve shown signs of preparing to summon heroes before. So that’s what it was...;&#8221; According to Dina, they’ve been working hard towards that goal for a while now. Thank you so much for your efforts. And—how do I say this—forgive me. For your considerable hardships. &#8220;As you can see, I am quite ignorant of the ways of the world in this day and age. I’ve heard that the Demon King is still in good health, though.&#8221; &#8220;That’s right! Immediately after those obnoxious heroes defeated you, the heroes fell apart, the country became divided, and they’ve been beaten to a pulp by the Demon King ever since! How sloppy!&#8221; Ah, yeah. Sorry, Dina. I guess disperse of influence went according to our plan. Rather, the final battle was just a staged event in order to release our influence...; The collapse of Ruphas Mafahl’s rule would signal the dawn of a new era. Various players would begin to expand their influence, aiming to become the new successor to the world. And the Demon King should have been...; the official last boss. Unlike me, there were definite merits in defeating him. The Demon King had a hundred percent chance of dropping a rare item. However, countries would never form an alliance to defeat it. Rather, it would be troubling if an opposing nation defeated the Demon King. In addition, incompetent allies would only drag you down. But that reasoning only stands if this was still a game. Which in this case, I haven’t a single clue why humanity would fall apart and lose to the Demon King. In the first place, to what degree was the game was reflected in this world? Would an in-game fight with the Demon King influence the history of this world? Or do the events of this world occur independently of the game? ..the more I think about it, the more disoriented I get. Just the fact that the game is reflected in this separate reality is already unusual in itself. What is the relationship between this world and &#8220;X-gate online&#8221;? A world resembling X-gate wouldn’t be an adequate explanation for this absurdity. &#8220;Ruphas-sama?&#8221; &#8220;Ah, excuse me. I was lost in thought. Dina, would you do me the favor of teaching me about the world I left?&#8221; &#8220;Yes, of course! If that will be of use to Ruphas-sama, then gladly!&#8221; With a charming smile spread across her face, Dina replied without the slightest hint of hesitation Wha—what a good girl...; She really puts my heart at ease. Well, that’s one thing off my checklist. I’ve found something to protect. It’s simple. Cute girls are precious assets of any world. It’s natural to want to protect them as a man. &#8220;...;first, about the obnoxious heroes that defeated you. Afterwards, each of the seven heroes, as they were called, decided to start their own nations. Four of them have already passed away due to old age, but the other three with longer life spans are still alive today.&#8221; Those seven heroes were undoubtedly referring to the seven players that stood alongside me as the top ranked players in the game. Each of them was specialized in a different character class and we had conquered numerous boss battles as a party. In other words, they were my former guild members. ...;I wonder how they’re all doing. Could those heroes be players like me? Or am I wrong? Of course, I would hope for the former, but I can’t confirm anything without meeting them in person. So for now, let’s make meeting those three people a goal while traveling this world. &#8220;The Twelve Heavenly Stars are all in good health. However, I only know the whereabouts of six of them. Among those six, two have joined the Demon King to take revenge on the humans you were defeated by.&#8221; The Twelve Heavenly Stars. They were what you would call &#8220;familiars&#8221;. The class I had chosen had the ability to tame monsters and possessed an inherent skill that gave you a chance of turning a defeated opponent into an ally. To monster tamers that have little to no offensive power, it wouldn’t be an overstatement to say their ability to reel in a strong monster is a matter of life and death. I...; lucked out. A boss monster that only appeared during an event and a rare monster that almost never made its appearance. Having tamed these monstrosities of familiars, I proceeded to put 12 of the most powerful monsters under Ruphas’s jurisdiction as her 12 generals. Then, I bestowed upon them the embarrassing title of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. I thought it would be cool for a ruler to have something like the Four Heavenly Kings under his command. I, too, had a phase when I thought like that. (TN: the chuunibyou phase :D) ...;well, in reality, I was very much interested in things other than monsters as well, but that is a story for another time. &#8220;Joined the Demon King, huh...; Goodness. Though I’m fully aware that my weakness is to blame for their actions, it’s still a pathetic way to behave. I will need to quickly scold them.&#8221; Let’s add one more objective to our travels. I will collect the Twelve Heavenly Stars and take the responsibility to subdue them. Well, in reality, the thought that the familiars I raised were causing trouble for others made my stomach hurt. I’ll stop them with brute force if I have to. &#8220;Hmph...; Dina, could you mark the current locations of the 3 remaining heroes and The Twelve Heavenly Stars on a map?&#8221; &#8220;Yes, certainly.&#8221; First, I must find out if the three heroes are players like me. Then, if the Twelve Heavenly Stars are acting stupid, I will stop and recover them. ...;Ah, right. We’re also going to need a source of money. For a penniless individual like me, this is top priority. I will need to look for a way to acquire funds for our travels. &#8220;I’ve finished, Ruphas-sama. I’ve marked everything on this map.&#8221; &#8220;Thank you.&#8221; Accepting the map from Dina, I scanned over the contents. As for the heroes, the closest one is positioned at a country called Suvell, which is about 1,400 kilometers north from our current location. The elf hero has taken up residence here. Furthermore, &#8220;The Ram&#8221;, Aries, is preparing for the invasion of Suvell in a castle at the foot of the volcano nearby. ...;what in hell does this sheep think it’s doing. Anyways, this should be our first destination. I’m going to have to stop that sheep before a hole opens in my stomach. Good grief, what a pain in the ass. However, I would be lying if I said I wasn’t excited. Now then, let’s start with looking for a job. ※Some kind of explanation In the world of Midgard, Magical power and Holy power are polar opposite existences. Magical power is closely tied to demons, so it aims to hurt or curse. On the other hand, the holy attribute has a strong association to the heavens, and it focuses more on healing and support. In simpler terms Magic = Black magic, Holy power = White magic (TN: In japanese, the word for magic = 魔力. The first character, 魔 also means ’has to do with hell’. So for example, 魔界 means &#8220;hell&#8221;, or &#8220;the world of spirits&#8221;.) ・ The city of Yudaril is one of trade and commerce. It lies just east of the country of Levatin and does not belong to any nation. Positioned between almost every major country, it’s a bustling city where a large variety of merchants and travelers come to. Naturally, that includes adventurers as well. In fact, back when this was a game, this was where new players began their adventure. Despite that 200 years that have elapsed, Yudaril remained lively as ever. I was relieved to see that even a small part of the world remained as I had known it. Yeah, I feel kind of attached to this place. &#8220;...;Dina, it’s difficult to move.&#8221; &#8220;Please put up with it for now. You’d be recognized in an instant after all. You don’t want to attract any unwanted attention, do you?&#8221; While wandering this charming city, I hid my entire body under my overcoat, looking as suspicious as you could get. As according to Dina’s instruction, my wings were wrapped tightly around my body and an overcoat was forced over them. Moreover, the crimson overcoat I wore had a convenient hood attached to the back. Yup, this is definitely enough to hide my identity. But I think it’s is making me stand out anyways. And I can’t really move my arms in this outfit. What is this? Some new kind of sex play? &#8220;Now then, Ruphas-sama. First, acquiring funds for our travels is probably the highest hurdle to overcome. Anyone would recognize you at a glance, so it’s extremely hard to find a suitable job, you see? There aren’t many people that out there willing to hire a black-winged overlord after all.&#8221; &#8220;...;but those are the events of 200 years ago. In an age without pictures, I doubt anyone would be able to recognize me.&#8221; &#8220;Naive. That’s naive, Ruphas-sama. This trading city is where people of every corner of the world gather, you know? And races with long life spans like elves aren’t an exception. They may still remember you clearly.&#8221; Hearing out Dina’s explanation, I nodded in understanding. Come to think of it, those races exist in this alternate universe. I myself am a member of one of those long-lived races. To begin with, the Flugels are the rumored descendants of angels. And regardless of whether that’s true, they boast an average lifespan of a ridiculous 1,500 years. That’s why I’m able to retain my young appearance even after 200 years. By the way, Ruphas used to be 275 years old, so I guess she’s 475 years old now. In human years, she would be 14 when she was sealed and around 24 as of now. ...;my outward appearance is of a 15 to 17 year-old girl, though. &#8220;Especially those black wings! Even if they didn’t recognize you, your wings stand out too much. For Flugels, those are the wings of taboo after all.&#8221; &#8220;They’re normally black, aren’t they? I bet you I’m just a different variety of flugel.&#8221; As I’ve mentioned before, flugels are the descendants of angels. They themselves believe the same and take pride in their untainted, pure white wings. They went as far as to insist that those wings were the proof of a flugel, and that their sexual appeal was neither decided by their faces nor their bodies, but rather their wings. Apparently, a male would flaunt his wings at a female to display his affection. To put things bluntly, whether you’re unattractive, obese, pimpled, stink, or wear anime print T-shirts, as long as your wings remain pure white, you’re some pretty hot stuff. On the contrary, no matter how refined your physical appearance is, if your wings are tainted, you’ll never be attractive. In this aspect, my jet black wings are completely out of question. They far surpass the jurisdiction of beauty and ugliness. At this rate, I’d only be recognized as a monster. In human terms...; let’s see. It’s like having green skin, no eyebrows, and hairs sprouting from the middle of my forehead instead of my scalp. Forget about beauty—I wouldn’t even be acknowledged as another Flugel. Of course, I was fully aware of the backstory. And I had chosen these black wings with this knowledge at hand. The reason was extremely simple. &#8220;Wouldn’t wings of taboo just be the coolest?&#8221; ...;Yup. Needless to say, many other players thought the same, and jet black wings weren’t so uncommon. Rather, more eccentric designs included golden wings, gradients, and even players that took the liberty to pick out a different color for every other feather. Trying to accept that I stood out while knowing this is...; beyond difficult. If I stand out, then what about those crazy rainbow winged flugels? &#8220;There’s nothing normal about it! Please! Be a bit more self-aware!&#8221; &#8220;Okay, I got it, I got it. I understand, so stop shouting already.&#8221; Having made Dina mad, I shrugged my shoulders. Good grief. So this world differs enough from the game that I can’t put my wings on display, huh. This seems to be a bit inconvenient. &#8220;Seriously...; back to my point. Despite your reputation, there’s one line of work that pretty much anyone could take up.&#8221; &#8220;Ah, adventurers—in other words, people who put their lives on the line to earn a living.&#8221; &#8220;Exactly. Reputation and social status are unnecessary. Anyone with a mind and body can do it.&#8221; Those who put their lives on the line to earn a living—Adventurers. It’s an occupation that requires little more than a bit of determination to take on. Money and social status are irrelevant. Anyone can accept requests regardless of whether they’re a slave or a criminal. In exchange, your safety isn’t guaranteed. Neither the agency nor the client is held accountable if you were to lose an arm or your life while completing a request. In addition, you sink to the bottom of the social hierarchy. The vagrants and the jobless with no place to stay. Individuals constantly troubled over where they’ll find their next meals. They’re the kind of people who, in their last moments, dream of drowning in gold —then die along the roadside. That’s what it means to be an adventurer. Whereas in the game, you could revive limitlessly and this reality remained a dark backstory. Rather, the majority of players farmed money and experience as adventurers and then proceeded through the rest of the game. So the number of adventurers averaged from a couple thousand to hundreds of thousands of players at a time. So what about the social hierarchy? ...;all it really amounted to is some verbal abuse from NPC’s, so it wasn’t that big of a deal. However, this is reality. Death really is the end of the line, and I’m sure harsh acts of discrimination omitted from the game make their appearance here. ...;am I going to be alright? This is Ruphas Mafahl’s body, so death is highly improbable. But will I be able to stand the sight of blood? Can I, who can barely stand the sight of a cat or pigeon run over by a car, really do this dirty work? To be honest, I’m anxious. &#8220;We have arrived. This way please.&#8221; In response Dina’s invitation, I entered the building after her. It was a slightly grimy tavern made out of wood. The first floor was lined with several tables like a cafeteria, and many thug-like figures could be seen sitting throughout. The moment we step foot into the building, several hungry gazes fixed upon Dina. However, with a suspicious individual (me) standing beside her, none of them had the nerve to approach. &#8220;Yeah, this is it. This shitty atmosphere sure is nostalgic.&#8221; &#8220;Now that you mention it, you were also an adventurer before establishing your own nation, weren’t you?&#8221; —hm? Didn’t I just say something a bit out of place? Nostalgic...; no, this really does take me back. As I said, It’s common knowledge for the majority of novice players to work their way up as adventurers. I was also one such player and had completed a great number of requests during my time as one. However...; &#8220;I&#8221; have never taken single a step into a tavern such as this one. And yet, I feel nostalgic. Shoot, it seems that &#8220;I&#8221; might be merging with &#8220;Ruphas&#8221; after all...; &#8220;Welcome. Is there something you would like to order? Or would you like to stay for the night?&#8221; &#8220;We would like to accept a request.&#8221; &#8220;...;miss, are you alright?&#8221; The brusque, bald bar-owner shot a dubious look at Dina. At a glance, Dina seemed unsuited for battle with her slender body and delicate atmosphere. Indeed, if I was told such a girl was an adventurer, I would also question her sanity. Dina put on a charming smile in response to the addled shopkeeper. &#8220;Oh, I won’t be the one accepting the request.&#8221; &#8220;Oho, so the red guy over there, huh...; Alright, I’d like you to step into the back of the shop for a second. I’d like to take a look at your abilities.&#8221; An adventurer is someone who could drop dead at any moment. However, having one die before they could fulfill the request would put a hole in an agency’s reputation. If rumor went around that &#8220;no decent adventurers pick up their requests at that agency&#8221;, their business would plunge after all. That’s why the agency must confirm the extents of their employees’ abilities. ...;is what I’ve grasped from what Dina whispered into my ear. I stepped behind the shop as instructed, where the bar-owner stood beside several identical stone statues. Each had a scruffy beard and a friendly smile. If I’m not mistaken, these are stone golems produced by an alchemist. Alchemists consume tools to create a wide variety of devices, and golems are just one example. As combat-oriented NPC’s, golems are reassuring companions for many solo players. Their strength varies upon the raw materials and the skill level of the creator, but they rarely differ in level or status. Also, golems can only be revived by their creator, so their remains hold no value. In addition, once a golem decides on a target, it continues to fight regardless of whether you like it or not. Sure, they’re convenient, but there aren’t many opportunities for low-level players to use them. I, too, remember preparing a fair number of golems to strengthen my defenses before the decisive battle against the heroes. However, they were nothing more than minor hindrances to high-level players. &#8220;I’m going to have you fight these golems in a moment. The number of golems defeated and how efficiently you work will be taken into account of your evaluation.&#8221; &#8220;Understood.&#8221; To express my willingness, I took a step forward. The overcoat was confining, making my movements slightly awkward. To be honest, this is quite the handicap, but...; well, I should be fine. In the worst case, I’ll deal with them with [coercion], and if that doesn’t work, I can always kick the shit out of them. &#8220;Ready?&#8221; &#8220;I’m ready when you are.&#8221; &#8220;Great. Then let’s get this started.&#8221; With this, the golems’ eyes lit up with life. Without a moment’s delay, I invocated a ranger skill—[observing eye]. It’s a convenient ability that displays the level, remaining HP, and even the stats of an opponent if the user is skilled enough. Thus, the target’s abilities were displayed as shown below. 【Stone Golem】 Level 5 Race: artificial life-form HP: 68 SP: 0 STR (strength): 73 DEX (dexterity): 36 VIT (vitality): 80 INT (intelligence): 5 AGI (agility): 27 MND (willpower): 5 LUK (fortune): 40 Hm. As you can see, they’re small fry. These are opponents that can be challenged within thirty minutes of playing the game. Now if you tagged along with a more experienced party, a single fight with a higher level opponent could supply you with enough experience. All things considered, it seems that these golems were made with the sole purpose of measuring your capabilities in mind. Rather, it would be for the best if you gave up on becoming an adventurer if you were to lose to these guys. ...;ah, I should probably also check my own stats while I’m at it. Honestly though, the gap in power is so large that I’m not sure how much I should hold back. 【Ruphas Maphal】 Level 1000 Race: Flugel Class Levels Warrior: 100 Swordmaster: 100 Grappler: 100 Champion: 100 Monster Tamer: 100 Alchemist: 100 Ranger: 100 Strider: 100 Acolyte: 100 Priest: 50 Esper: 50 HP: 335000 SP: 17430 STR (strength): 9200 DEX (dexterity): 8750 VIT (vitality): 10300 INT (intelligence): 8300 AGI (agility): 10778 MND (willpower): 9550 LUK (fortune): 9280 Equipment Head: — Right Hand: — Left Hand: — Torso: Dress of Heaven’s Empress – Abnormal Status Nullity – Automatic HP recovery Shoes: Boots of Swiftness – Increased Movement Speed Other: Overcoat of the Seven Luminaries – 50% Damage Reduction of all Attributes Yeah. This is just bullying the weak at this point. On that note, it’s not a figure of your imagination if my statistics seem a bit abnormal. Although the level cap was 1000, there are no upper limits for character stats. This means you can continue raising your stats even after hitting the level cap. Despite status enhancing items being notably rare, they weren’t impossible to obtain. In fact, because HP enhancements were especially simple to acquire, my health stats skyrocketed as a result. On a side note, the average flugel has around 70,000 HP once they reach the level cap of 1000. That might give you a glimpse of what I had to go through to raise my HP to this degree. As one would expect, I was unable to achieve statistics comparable to those of the final boss characters of the game, but I’m confident my stats outstripped plenty of other boss monsters. My alias as the &#8220;wild last boss&#8221; was by no means a groundless assumption. While we’re on the subject, I’ll go a bit further into detail about &#8220;Levels&#8221; and &#8220;Class Levels&#8221;. Levels are just the ordinary levels. In RPG’s, it’s an obvious expression of the strength and combat experience that accumulates over time. This number caps at 1000 and there’s not much you can do to overturn that rule. Even if you were locked in combat with several boss characters, it remains the one unbendable rule of X-gate. Next, the &#8220;class level&#8221;. These indicate the level of each character class you possess and caps at 100. This number increases in sync with normal character levels and influences how your abilities develop, so they play a large role in character growth. For instance, if you wanted to be a vanguard but have been acting as a support for too long, you might find that your character stats are unsuited for swapping positions. This is where the game leans toward to being a TRPG. Once a class level is maxed out, the game will ask you to perform a class change. Then, unless a new class is chosen, no experience will be gained no matter what kind of monsters you face off. There are two methods of resolving this issue. The first is to act accordingly and alternate classes. Then, upon reaching level 1000, you will have accomplished a character that holds mastery over 10 different classes. However, this doesn’t mean you can’t switch classes before mastering the previous one. For example, I only raised the priest and esper classes to level 50, allowing me to squeeze in 11 classes instead. The second method makes use of the cash shop. If you pay the money, the level cap is lifted, and you can continue to raise the class level to up to 200. However, barely any additional skills are can be acquired along the line. For example, Swordmaster and Grappler classes would exceed the offensive ability and HP of a vanguard, which is one advantage of the cash shop. In addition, there are also players who aim to optimize the effectiveness of certain skills that depend on class levels. I who, let’s see...; didn’t bring any class level past 100, wasn’t able to discover any of the possible hidden classes or skills. It was the general opinion that class leveling to 200 wasn’t a very intelligent choice. Well, I guess it doesn’t really matter now. Now then, it’s finally time for my first taste of battle. Although there will be no resistance, it’s an opportunity sharpen my new pair of fangs. (TN: there’s an author’s note going in more detail about the different races here. Hopefully I will be able to translate it within a couple of hours. Sorry for the delay and this bullshit. I’ve been playing a bit too much Nier Automata, and TERA and reading too much eromanga-sensei and Danmachi. 😀 thank you for being such patient readers.) ※A bit of explaining