 <i>author: Yi Shi Si Zhou (一十四洲）</i>  <i>translator: Lanlan</i> proofreader: Elestrea A dense mass of black clouds piled up above the city like the black center of a maelstrom. A flash of lightning split open a gash in the sky and a clap of rolling thunder reverberated. At that moment, a few young people were gathered together, talking nonsense far and wide. “Speaking of that roommate of mine...; That one called Lin Shu.” One of the youths clicked his tongue. “It’s like he’s sick. I’ve never seen him speak a single sentence.” The person next to him popped open the tab of a can of beer and agreed: “To say he’s mute would be flattery. He’s completely expressionless. Quickly go find your own place to live. I seriously don’t want to see him, fuck.” The loud, echoing crack of thunder was earsplitting. In its deafening midst, torrential rain poured down. They all turned together as if in accord to look out of the window. “So fucking loud.” The youth who had just been complaining lifted his eyelids and looked up at the sky. He was suddenly struck dumb and his eyes widened. “This...;...;” He hesitated in astonishment and said, “Lao San, isn’t that that damned guy standing on top of that skyscraper over there?” Lao San screwed up his very nearsighted eyes: “Yeah, it really is. It’s raining so hard, is that guy really crazy?” “If it isn’t depression, then it must be autism. Either way, he’s not normal.” The youth snickered, rejoicing in his misfortune. “Hey, Lao San, look! Why do you think he’s holding something in his arms?” “Mentally ill people are just happier, you know—it looks like a sword.” But before they could see clearly, something completely beyond their understanding happened. A huge bolt of purple lightning snaked its way through the black sky in unimaginable radial lines, unexpectedly streaking straight towards the figure on top of the distant building. The light at that moment was so dazzling that no one could clearly see what had happened. On the street at the foot of the building, many people stood in the pelting rain excitedly taking pictures. Caption: “City X’s thunderstorm is actually like the end of the world, which fellow cultivator is undergoing his tribulation here?” —That was the last time they ever saw Lin Shu. When Lin Shu woke up, he became aware that he was lying down. With great effort, he moved his eyes, trying and failing to open them. “The little idiot’s awake!” A heavily accented voice sounded in his ears. His body immediately froze. His eyelids were as heavy as Mount Tai, his joints were rusty, and he could barely breathe. <i>I’m allergic to people, really.</i>  He took a few deep breaths. The air was damp and extremely foul-smelling, smelling of decay. He tried and failed to circulate his qi, his cultivation base nonexistent. “Why aren’t you getting up?” That loud, clear voice continued to sound out. It belonged to a middle-aged lady. She seemed to reach out her hand, stretching it out to him. Imagining the body heat that was currently approaching, Lin Shu’s senses kicked into overdrive and he suddenly opened his eyes. The woman jumped in surprise when he opened his eyes: “Goddamnit!” Lin Shu was stiff all over and gasped a few breaths. Dizzy, he finally caught sight of his surroundings. The older woman in front of the bed looked fierce. She wore a hemp aoqun and her hair was coiled up with a thin piece of wood inserted into it. The style of dress was not modern. He was in a thatched hut. This hut was extremely shabby. On the walls grew bumpy mold. If one were to film a movie set in ancient times, building a worn-out hut like this was truly not easy. Lin Shu: “...;...;” The tragedy of the human world. He only wanted to undergo a heavenly tribulation—after the tribulation, his ascension was not far off. Unfortunately, he had classes in the evening, so he didn’t have time to leave the city and find a mountain range in the country to undergo his tribulation. He had to choose the tallest building in the area so as not to alarm ordinary people. If anything, his mistake was choosing that skyscraper. As it turned out, the roof had an enormous lightning rod installed on it. The heavenly lightning did not strike his body, but was completely drawn in by that lightning rod. If a cultivator’s heart was not sincere or his will not strong or he attempted to hide from the heavenly tribulation using outside support, he would without exception be subjected to the wrath of heaven. If the punishment were heavy, he would completely disappear without a trace. If the punishment were light, he would be sent back to start anew, like right now. Really, he hadn’t thought that the lightning rod would unexpectedly draw in the lightning of the tribulation. <i>Modern physics, you’re killing me.</i>  Lin Shu took a few breaths and took stock of his body. His meridians were extremely stagnant and his spiritual roots were bizarre and awful. To say his aptitude was mediocre was simply closing one’s eyes and wildly boasting. For him, trying to cultivate to be an immortal was like a toad wishing to eat swan meat. He was like a student punished for cheating—not only must he start all over again, but his textbook was also torn up. The lady saw that lifeless look of his and her anger dissipated. She sighed, saying, “Been an idiot for almost ten years, this isn’t good either—running to out-of-the-way corners all day. This time, you nearly drowned. You have to try to remember more.” From a distance came a man’s shout. The woman let out an “Ai!” Quickly tucking his quilt in, she turned and left. Her hand almost brushed across Lin Shu’s neck, causing goosebumps to rise all over his body. He had trouble breathing. It took him a long while to recover. This was a very normal, well-intentioned act of kindness from that lady, but Lin Shu couldn’t accept bodily contact with anyone. The quilt was oddly damp and ice-cold like iron. Being covered up with it was actually even more uncomfortable than remaining uncovered. It really made one unable to enjoy it. He waited until the old lady had walked a good distance away to get up from the bed. He pushed open the sticky wooden door and looked outside. His eyes caught on the similarly dilapidated houses, gathered together and spread out in twos and threes like a village. The courtyard he was currently in was located on the outskirts of the village. Around the village itself were fields that lay abandoned. Farther away, it was grey and obscured by fog. Nothing else could be seen. The sky was strange and so dark it seemed like very early morning, but there were people walking around and smoke from kitchen chimneys was rising in the air. It was also implausible to say that it was dusk, though. The sky was dark grey without stars or moon and there wasn’t any trace of an afterglow brought on by a setting sun. Ghostly shadows flickered and danced, very inauspicious. For a short while, he was unable to think of anything. He wanted to further examine the scene when he saw a villager walking over. He withdrew his leg that was in the process of stepping out of the door and turned, walking back into the room. The room was certainly nothing to write home about. It was run-down and messy. For furniture, there was only that single bed and a table in front of it. There wasn’t a mirror, so he couldn’t see his appearance. He thought of that lady’s words: “little idiot” and “mad dog.” He surmised that this body unfortunately was indeed a mentally handicapped dear little brother. He also didn’t know what kind of distinguished appearance he had. Lin Shu rubbed his messy, weed-like hair, feeling a little suffocated. Just then, the courtyard door was thrown open with a creak. From behind him came the sound of footsteps. He turned his head and saw that it was that lady from before. The woman was carrying a white bowl. She stepped over the threshold of the door. As if calling out to a dog, she called out, “Little idiot, time to eat!” After her yell, the little idiot turned his head and looked straight at her. As always, his expression still didn’t resemble that of a normal person, but it was somehow very different from before. The old lady frowned. “You fell into the water one time, how are you even stupider than before?” Saying this, she placed the bowl on the table, turned, and walked out. On this earth, there were not many quiet people. The idiot was one of them as no one would come to chat with a fool. This was what Lin Shu had been seeking (and failing to find) all along, but this way wouldn’t do. He had to communicate with someone or else he would have no choice but to play the part of an idiot his entire life. Although he enjoyed the quietness, he didn’t want to be an idiot—especially this kind of idiot who dwelled in a moldy room covered by a moldy blanket. Consequently, when the woman had almost left, she heard a trembling voice from behind her say, “...;...;Many thanks.” Old lady: “Aiya!” She suddenly turned around. “You’re not an idiot anymore!” Lin Shu stiffly nodded. The old lady was almost dancing and gesticulating for joy. She turned and called out in a loud voice, “The little idiot isn’t an idiot anymore!” A clatter of footsteps sounded. In a moment, a large group of sickly-looking, malnourished villagers gathered at the entrance, all of them stretching their necks excitedly and looking into the room. “The little idiot isn’t an idiot anymore?” “That little simpleton really isn’t an idiot anymore?” “Sure enough, the little idiot isn’t stupid anymore!” Lin Shu: “...;...;” Is a fool suddenly becoming intelligent really worthy of this kind of excitement? The old lady put aside the bowl and advanced toward him, trembling. She grabbed his hand: “You...; Can’t you remember anything?” Lin Shu: “!!!” Having been grabbed by the woman, his hair was standing straight up all over his body. His eyes turned black. He backed up a few steps as if he had received an electric shock. His soul almost flew out of his body right then. Unexpectedly, the woman knelt down straightaway. “You must save us!” Seeing the woman kneeling, the villagers all imitated her, knocking their heads outside. “You must save us!” Lin Shu moved his mouth. With difficulty, he organized what he wanted to say, wanting to ask why these people were kneeling to him. Unexpectedly, after having not spoken for so long, he was completely unable to put the words together. He opened his mouth with difficulty. “What do you want me to do?” A few people started talking and jabbering all at once, especially most resonant voice of the old lady. Fortunately, although Lin Shu could barely speak, he could still listen, so he tried his best to understand what they meant. Ten years ago, they had been haunted by an unknown demon or ghost—In the end, it became a great disaster in which the entire village was in imminent peril, but then, a Daoist immortal passed by. Using magic, he would protect the village for ten years, with the condition that he would entrust the villagers with a dazed little simpleton who he said was his apprentice. The villagers had asked, the magic could protect them for ten years, but what would they do after those ten years? The Daoist immortal had spoken several vague yet impressive-sounding Buddhist subtleties. He spoke of “waiting for fate’s arrival” and a bunch of other, scammer-like nonsense and then floated away. Now, when the ten-year-long period was already close to arriving and the magic barrier was on the verge of collapse, the little simpleton was a simpleton no longer. It was clear that fate had arrived. The villagers were naturally overjoyed at the unexpected good news, hoping that the sudden enlightenment of this little idiot would get them a method to respond to the situation. Lin Shu gazed outside. It was that same scene—demonic vapor and ghostly fog filled the air in all directions. It was said that life forces were extinguished in the fog, becoming living corpses and ghosts. The entire village could be compared to a lonely island on the sea. Ten years had already passed without any news from the outside world. Even though the villagers had worn out their brains, they hadn’t come up with a way out. And if he also could not come up with a countermeasure, it would be as before and they would be trapped in this place. He had cultivated the immortal path since childhood and his spiritual foundation was exceptionally good. He had practiced for ten years and had effortlessly drifted with the wind and current to the Mahayana. Now he was banished to this place in accordance with the heavenly law. He was not only trapped, but he actually had to speak to people as well. It was truly an unprecedented challenge for him. Lin Shu stood there. Taking several deep breaths, he did some constructing in his mind and was finally able to build a complete sentence. He asked, “Is there a sword?” The villagers all looked at him. Unexpectedly, their knees weakened and they wanted to bow their heads and kowtow to him again. Who could have expected that once the little idiot was enlightened, he was unexpectedly so unflustered and steady, remaining calm and collected. Sure enough, he had the manner of a very capable person, the immortal really did not deceive us! The author has something to say: This world and setting is largely my own creation and I have not kept to the generally established cultivation rankings. Coming again to a xianxia world, I hope everyone has a pleasant journey =w= Translator note: <i>I’ve fallen down another pit you guys. Save me. </i>  This story is super slow-burn, very plot-centric, and quite a bit less comedic than the summary may suggest. I’m excited for you all to join me on this journey! Also, if you have some ~~money to burn~~, please consider buying the raw chapters on JJ. This author is awesome and amazingly nice and deserves all your love! <i>author: Yi Shi Si Zhou (一十四洲）</i>  <i>translator: Lanlan</i> editor: sleepingjay proofreader: Elestrea  They did indeed have swords. Someone handed one over. It was a short, crude wooden sword, carved for a three-year-old to play with. That child started crying and wailing, “My sword! My sword! Gimme back my sword!” The child’s howls made Lin Shu’s ears ring. In the end, he didn’t take the sword and broke a branch off of a dead jujube tree in the courtyard instead. He grasped it and let out a small breath, feeling a little better. In his sect, he was taught that it was better to die carrying his sword than to live having abandoned it. Those words had been carved into his very bones early on in his ten years of training. Although the sword had no practical use now since his cultivation base had ceased to exist, just holding it in his hand was enough to slightly alleviate the misery he felt at being surrounded by the crowd. Lin Shu passed the group of people and walked towards the outskirts of the village. The closer he got, the denser the grey fog became. Across the boundary, he suddenly met eyes with a rotting, purulent corpse wearing tattered clothing not far away. That thing was actually still alive! Roaring, it half-leapt and half-jumped like the movement of a monkey and rushed forward, only to be stopped by the barrier. Lin Shu retreated several steps and watched it madly crashing into the boundary. Its claws could break through. Clearly, the boundary was not very reliable. Even half-decayed and with its four limbs lying on the ground, its movements were still fast and nimble. This type of creature had been recorded in the Harmonious Tales of the Strange, Volume Nine and was called a crawling corpse. It was a low-level demonic entity that feared light, wind, and fire. The villagers obviously knew some of its characteristics as they had already grabbed torches to drive it away. However, the sounds of rustling and movement gradually carried over from the shadowy jungle and it wasn’t long before dozens of corpses gathered near. According to the villagers, thousands of these evil creatures had been lingering and pacing up and down outside the barrier. Lin Shu looked at the crawler that had been driven away from the barrier. He knew very well that the boundary was already extremely weak. It probably wouldn’t last more than half a month. If he couldn’t find a way out in that half a month, he would be trapped in the village. But, he knew his cultivation base would not be restored in just a short time. That is to say, it was unknown whether or not his cultivation base would ever be able to return in this lifetime. The body of this little simpleton was very weak, mostly due to years of malnourishment. Taking two steps was enough to make his heart beat wildly—only if he reconstructed his spiritual roots and forcibly removed the block on his Eight Extraordinary Meridians could he finally press forward with great effort to take the step over the threshold into immortality cultivation. The villagers watched him irresolutely muttering to himself, their hearts beating like drums inside their chests. No one dared to approach him. After half a minute had passed, Lin Shu finally spoke. “Is there a qin?” One minute he wanted a sword, the next he wanted a qin. In such a remote and desolate village, who would have such a thing? Lin Shu saw them look at each other in dismay. He thought for a while and then haltingly said, “Anything that can make a sound...;...;will do.” They did have that. A few young men ran towards the east side of the village. In no time, they had taken an old man by the arm and were assisting him and his erhu over. That old man suffered from an eye disease and was blind. Once, he had been Mister Zhou, the folk singer and storyteller from a certain teahouse in Minzhou City. Ten years ago, he had journeyed from the city to his hometown to see his family. Who could have foreseen the disaster? He was trapped in the village and was unable to go out again. After hearing the entire tale from onlookers, old Mister Zhou cupped his trembling hands in obeisance. “Young hero, as long as you can take us to Minzhou City to avoid disaster, you can ask these old bones of mine to do anything.” Although it was said like this, what could this old man do? He was quickly approaching his coffin. The villagers did not understand what Lin Shu meant to do. Yet Lin Shu did not want to make this old man, with one of his feet already in the grave, do any manual labor. He wanted him to play the erhu. To study the sword, one must first cultivate and nourish the mind and spirit. His sect had a tradition of studying the qin to clear and purify one’s heart, so he knew several pieces of music to destroy devils and exorcise demons. He chose a song called “Warding Off Evil Spirits” and tried to teach the old man. However, they had trouble communicating as Lin Shu’s speaking ability was subpar and the music scores written for the guqin and for the erhu had many inconsistencies between them. They returned to a room and messed with the erhu for a long time before they were finally able to pull together a song with the correct pitches. It was night. The old lady’s two young sons, Li Jimao and Li Yamao, held torches aloft at the front to light the way. Lin Shu and old Mister Zhou again arrived at the edge of the boundary while a few strong, robust villagers followed. In the thick fog, the ground glowed with phosphorescence as several dozen eyes again fixed themselves on the humans. Old Mister Zhou picked up his bow and started to play. The villagers called out in amazement, “They’re really leaving!” They saw only the trembling of the trees as a number of crawling corpses left one after the other and crawled far away. After the song was played a few times, more than half had already left. The sound of the music was indeed effective, but the musician was only a normal person. There wasn’t any magic in the song either, so the intimidating effect it had on demonic creatures was still limited. Lin Shu silently pondered how to increase the power of the song. While he was thinking, old Mister Zhou’s motions came to a stop. “There’s movement outside,” he said. The ears of blind men were always somewhat OP. Sure enough, several breaths later, voices could gradually be heard. At first, there was a sharp sound of impact interspersed with a girl’s clear shouts, then came the sound of footsteps and voices. A girl’s voice could be vaguely heard: “Just now there was still some noise, why did it stop?” The old man was astonished and resumed playing. Li Jimao and Li Yamao also realized that strangers had arrived in the area and joyfully waved their torches. The girl sounded as if she was hailing a companion: “Over here!” After a while, the clamor of footsteps came closer and closer. Li Jimao shouted, “Here! Here!” Hearing the wind from the swinging of weapons and the sounds of colliding flesh, the few remaining living dead also fled. A group of people pushed aside the bushes and passed through the boundary—as it turned out, the barrier only held off evil spirits and did not prevent the living from entering. Lin Shu raised his head and saw that there were seven or eight of the newcomers, all young women in duanda that provided ease of movement and wearing sabers at their waists. They were clearly long-time practitioners of martial arts and held their bodies tall and straight, appearing quite heroic. The leader in front sheathed her saber with a clang and asked, “Who are you?” Li Jimao said honestly, “We’re villagers.” Li Yamao tried to flatter her and stepped forward to ask, “Sister Fairy, did you come to save us?” She contemptuously spat and drew her saber, pointing it at Li Yamao’s neck. “Shameless, vile man! Are you a human or a ghost?” He only said “sister” and now he was shameless? The girl was beautiful, but who could have guessed she would be this fierce. Li Yamao was scared out of his wits. “We’re not ghosts, we’re not ghosts,” he said. “My lady, we’re humans.” “Nonsense! How could there still be ordinary people here?” She met the eyes of several of the people behind her and her fingers pressed on the hilt of her saber. They all looked extremely on guard. Li Jimao said, “My lady, we have been trapped here for ten years. If you don’t save us, we’ll become ghosts for real.” The young woman in front strode forward and carefully looked him over. She also looked over the shivering Li Yamao standing off to the side. It was probably because she had never seen an evil ghost acting so terrified that she finally let down her guard a little. “There is indeed no such living ghost. We were rude. It must have been difficult for you to spend ten years here,” she said. “We came in to look for someone. Has anyone come here in the past three days?” “This...;...;,” Li Jimao said. “My lady, we’ve gone ten years without seeing anyone from the outside.” His countenance was simple and honest, and his tone was sincere and not at all like he was lying. Once he said that, some of the girls standing behind the one wielding the saber became anxious. “There’s no one here, there’s no one there. Where on earth did Young Miss go?” That girl’s face also had a worried look, but she forced herself to calm down and asked, “What on earth happened here ten years ago?” Li Yamao: “Ten years ago, I don’t know how, it w-was all those things...;...;” Next to him, the villagers all answered one after the other; one saying this, another saying that. It was basically what they had told Lin Shu earlier, that it was a disaster that happened overnight and that a celestial being had saved them. Since then, the village had been isolated from the rest of the world and no one had ever gone out. Li Jimao cautiously said, “My lady’s skills are tremendous and you don’t fear any of those things. Can you take us to Minzhou City?” —At this time, no one paid Lin Shu any attention. The girls in front of their eyes had become their new saviors. “Minzhou City?” She shook her head and said, “No one has been to Minzhou City in ten years! Whenever anyone goes within thirty li of Minzhou City, they don’t come back and would be gone without a trace!” Everyone was stunned. They had thought that it was only their village that had suffered a disaster and that the city would be fine. Yet after hearing this, they realized that the situation in Minzhou City was probably ten thousand times worse than that outside the village. When the girls finally calmed down and spoke with the villagers about this, everyone finally knew the whole story. The hot-tempered leader was a girl called Ling Baoqing who came from a place called Phoenix Heights. They had traveled with their young miss to an area in the vicinity of Minzhou City. They had heard that Minzhou City had become a ghost city empty of all life and had set their hearts on exploring the city. Speaking of Minzhou City, another thing soon came up. Regarding this matter, Ling Baoqing started by boasting wildly about the beauty of their family’s young miss, bragging and making her out to be exceptionally gorgeous and stunning, and simply peerless under the heavens. In the Jianghu, every beauty always had many admirers and their young miss was obviously no exception. Yet, their young miss had been betrothed since childhood. It had even gone through three matchmakers and the sending of six kinds of bridal gifts, following tradition and propriety. Her parents and his master had personally written the marriage certificate for the childhood betrothal. Therefore, besides being more beautiful than any other beauty, she also had the special distinction of being a beauty who could be seen but never touched, a beauty who could be adored yet never pursued. —And that fiancé was from Minzhou City. These past ten years, correspondence from both the fiancé and his master had broken off right about when Minzhou City had become a ghost city. This being the case, the young miss had even more of a reason to explore Minzhou City. After all, there was a big difference between observing widowhood and not. When they entered the boundary of the ghost city, they encountered innumerable reanimated corpses, evil ghosts, and hopping corpses. Because of their strong martial arts skills, they did not suffer any injuries and entered the depths of the city. “Young Miss said at the beginning that what had happened in the city must have been complicated. Later, we came upon a corpse king whose cultivation base was extremely high and fought him. A few of us were injured and Young Miss made us stay where we were and forbade us from moving around. She lured away the corpse king but unexpectedly did not come back that day or night, so we had no choice but to look all around.” —In the thick fog where one could neither see their own five fingers even when stretched in front of themselves, nor find their bearings even with a torch lit up, the girls tried to navigate around but still found themselves lost. They had heard the sound of the erhu and were led here. At this point, a girl suddenly started to cry. “It’s so horrible!” She stamped her foot and said, “I’m afraid there’s already no one left alive in Minzhou City. Our poor young miss, becoming a widow at such a young age!” Another girl said, “Don’t speak of whether Young Miss is a widow or not, I just hope she’s safe and sound right now!” “Everybody shut up!” Ling Baoqing said, “Young Miss’s martial arts are world-class, she is surely completely unharmed. Right now we should be thinking about how to meet up with her.” These fourteen or fifteen-year-old young women who had spent the night walking around the desolate mountain and wild forest were already anxious about whether their young miss would have to observe her widowhood and worried that she had been hurt. Now their fear rose at the continued separation and inability to contact her. After coming to this conclusion, they all started weeping bitterly. It was total chaos. The author has something to say: Young Miss appears tomorrow ::smile suddenly becomes perverted:: ww <i>author: Yi Shi Si Zhou (一十四洲）</i>  <i>translator: Lanlan</i> editor: sleepingjay <i>proofreader: Elestrea</i>  Ling Baoqing turned around to comfort her companions. Li Jimao and Li Yamao wanted to console them, but were unable to. On the contrary, they were once again scolded with a few weepy cries of “Don’t jinx our Young Miss!” The two leaned on a tree beside them, thinking of their village that had been trapped for ten years. They looked like they were about to shatter and then burst into sad tears as well. Old Mister Zhou was affected by them and let out a long, heavy sigh. He too was utterly sorrowful. For a moment, it was as if Lin Shu had been dropped into the middle of a funeral service. He stood there and silently accompanied them for a while. Organizing his thoughts into a sentence, he asked Ling Baoqing, “How did you get in?” Ling Baoqing wiped her eyes and gave him a once-over. It was probably because his present appearance was truly unflattering, so even though her manner toward Li Jimao and Li Yamao could still be considered polite, her manner towards him was not. She wrinkled her nose and harshly said, “By walking, of course.” No, that wasn’t what I meant...; Lin Shu became aware that there might be a big problem with the way he expressed his words. He paused and once again rearranged his words. “You...;...; How did you recognize different directions?” These girls’ claims did not make sense; they said that the directions were unclear in the thick fog, but they also said they had been gradually approaching Minzhou City Gate before they were separated. Ling Baoqing finally understood what he meant and replied, “Naturally, although the few of us can’t compare, our Young Miss has seen more of the world and has a higher level of understanding. She can read the qi of the stars and navigate by that, hence moving freely.” Lin Shu, expressionless: “...;...;” Ling Baoqing shouted, “This—you little beggar, don’t tell me you have some kind of objection to our Young Miss?!” First, Li Jimao shouted “Sister Fairy” and was criticized as a “shameless, vile man,” and now, like him, he was also being criticized without any warning for no reason at all. Lin Shu didn’t have any desire to speak, but the gaze of this Ling Baoqing-xiaojie was so incredibly aggressive and menacing that his entire body felt uncomfortable and he could only open his mouth to speak. “You shouldn’t go.” Lin Shu felt that anyone with any self-awareness and knowledge of her own limitations should know to stay put in one place and obediently wait for the person whom she had been separated from to find her since she couldn’t tell one direction from another and the other person could. She shouldn’t just wander all over the place. Knowing she was in the wrong, Ling Baoqing was flustered and exasperated. “When did it become your turn to give orders, you little beggar?!” Lin Shu didn’t pay her any attention. After Ling Baoqing finished spluttering, her arrogance subsided and she said, “It’s not that we don’t understand; we just panicked for a moment.” However, with that tetchy, proud temperament of hers, her haughty demeanor naturally would not just go away like that. The next moment, she was again bold and confident that she was in the right. “No matter what, if we can’t find Young Miss, sooner or later we’ll be trapped here and won’t be able to save you either.” Fine then. Lin Shu didn’t spare them another glance. He had heard that for the most part, people who used sabers were irascible and violent. Sure enough, these people proved it to be true. As they said, if the upper beam were not straight, the lower beam would be crooked. Who knew what kind of supreme, apex ruffian that young miss of theirs was, to produce this group of small hooligans. Ling Baoqing and the rest of her party were disinclined to take notice of this dirty little beggar and started to discuss feasible actions to take. “Do we have anyone who brought any phoenix butterflies?” “It’s pitch-black. Even if someone had brought one, we wouldn’t have been able to see it anyway.” “The compass is useless, too. It’s been turning around and pointing randomly.” They sat cross-legged on the ground. They had been discussing for a long time when someone finally slapped her forehead. “A lesser star spell formation! If we draw a star array and mark off the Northern Dipper, wouldn’t this allow us to sense the directions like Young Miss?” Ling Baoqing exulted, “Baojing-meimei is absolutely right!” The ‘absolutely right’ Baojing-meimei said, “Baochen-jiejie, I remember you took classes in fuzhou creation this year. Can you draw one for us?” The ‘fuzhou-studying’ Baochen-jiejie responded, “Shit! I followed Young Miss to practice saber-skills every day at that time. I skipped eight out of the ten classes. I can’t draw it.” Standing to the side, Li Yamao couldn’t help but let out a giggle. Even though Li Jimao immediately clapped a hand over his mouth, he couldn’t escape another good scolding from the girls. After yelling at Li Yamao, they came to a total deadlock. They looked at each other wordlessly and could only sigh. After sighing, Lin Shu silently opened his mouth in the suffocating silence. “...;...;I can draw it.” The girls simultaneously turned their heads and looked at him, examining him closely, disbelief written all over their faces. If someone were to say Old Mister Zhou the erhu player could draw, it would still be slightly believable, but this little beggar, with his dirty face and disheveled hair? It was a fantasy comparable to The Arabian Nights. “You? Where did you learn spell arrays? In your dreams?” Ling Baoqing asked waspishly. Lin Shu didn’t say anything. Ling Baoqing looked him up and down a few times. She took talisman paper, a brush, and cinnabar ink out of the purse she carried,stood up, and walked to him. “This...;...;” She paused. Failing to identify a more appropriate term of address, she only said, “Come try.” Lin Shu said honestly, “I don’t have any spiritual power.” “You!” Ling Baoqing again exploded, “Are you toying with us?” Any other person would have already started arguing with her early on in their conversation, but when Lin Shu didn’t want to say anything, he was just like a bottle gourd whose mouth had been sawn off or a cricket whose wings had been plucked out. He didn’t take any notice of her and instead said to Ling Baochen, “Transfer some to me.” Ling Baochen complied with his words and put her hand on his shoulder. She started to pour spiritual energy into his body. Lin Shu’s originally extremely unsuitable-for-the-cultivating meridians were forcefully flooded until they spilled over with spiritual energy, just like a torrential river spilling into small, dried out channels. His entire arm throbbed as if it was going to shatter and he almost vomited blood. Ling Baochen’s hand on his shoulder also made him feel sick. But if they wanted to leave, he had to draw the talisman. He could only brace himself and endure. He dipped the brush in the cinnabar ink and drew it out. Ling Baochen let out a soft ‘yi’ in surprise. “That really seems like it.” Who knew that this little beggar actually had some skills. Ling Baoqing’s face reddened as she began to speak, but then she hesitated. She averted her eyes and didn’t look at him. The star spell formation could be used for stargazing and was not at all an abstruse spell formation. Lin Shu was halfway done with the drawing when he was suddenly struck by the thought that the spiritual energy used by the people here was the same as the spiritual energy he had once used. The star spell array was the same as the one he had once studied—perhaps it was the same world, just at a different time. The traditions passed down by his sect were said to have a profound and ancient origin. He didn’t know whether they could be found here as well. One talisman had been completed and Ling Baochen finally let go. Lin Shu felt more than half-dead. Ling Baochen took the paper amulet and used spiritual energy to awaken it. Upon seeing the glistening, shining ink, she dripped a few drops of blood on it. After closing her eyes and extending her awareness for a moment, she said, “I’ve got it!” The young women were overjoyed. They gathered around her and prepared for immediate departure. “Unfortunately, my spiritual power isn’t very compatible with his. I can’t use the talisman freely or easily. The spiritual array isn’t stable and can just barely hold for half of a shichen.” Ling Baochen’s expression was reluctant and slightly embarrassed. The girls gathered around Lin Shu again, their intentions obvious. They wanted Lin Shu to set out together with them so he could draw another talisman after the current one lost its effectiveness. Ling Baoqing said, “Oi!” She looked awkward, as if she wanted to say something, perhaps an apology. Lin Shu didn’t know how to respond, so he completely ignored her and only silently followed. At this point, if he wanted to get out, he had no choice but to follow them. The two brothers Li Jimao and Li Yamao volunteered to join them. With the two of them holding torches aloft for illumination, they had freed up the hands of two young women. This strategy would ensure their success when encountering evil entities—the more hands free to fight, the more likely they were to win. As a result, the girls defended the perimeter while Lin Shu, Li Jimao, and Li Yamao were crowded together on the inside. The party set out towards Minzhou City. On the way, they encountered countless reanimated corpses and evil ghosts. Their saber skills were exquisite and although their cultivation base was not high, they were able to get through the daunting experience by relying on their deep, tacit understanding of each other. When it was safe, Li Yamao could not stand the silence and always struck up conversations with the girls. Among them, Ling Baojing was the youngest and had the best temper. She actually didn’t treat him harshly or viciously and talked with him. As they talked, Lin Shu was able to learn the whole story of the Phoenix Heights from their conversation. This was a women-only sect and accepted the world’s desperate orphan girls. If they had any aptitude for practicing martial arts and cultivation, they could be inducted into the manor’s Phoenix-Style Saber Form. If not, they could go to one of the many shops under the manor’s name, such as silk shops and depositories. The Phoenix Heights saber technique was powerful and renowned in the Jianghu. Its businesses could be found all over the realm. They also enjoyed a deep friendship and high status with other sects, so no one dared to bully them. Having said this, Ling Baojing smiled and fell silent. “Baojing-meimei is shy,” Ling Baochen laughed. She continued explaining in a voice both crisp and fast, yet extremely sweet-sounding. “Everyone in our Phoenix Heights sect is as close as family and are of the same breath and branches. Therefore, everyone in the Jianghu respects us...;...; But there’s also another reason. Just because many of our sect sisters have married into numerous large sects, those vile men always say that Phoenix Heights is the mother-in-law of the whole Jianghu. If you offended Phoenix Heights, even if you didn’t insult your own wife, you have invariably insulted your shixiong or shidi’s wife, or the wife of your master, or your disciple’s wife, or your older brother’s wife, or your younger brother’s wife, and so on. Because of this, in the entire Jianghu, the only sect one cannot afford to offend is Phoenix Heights.” Saying this, the girls all laughed together. They were all around fourteen or fifteen. Although their temperaments were not very good, they were still innocent and unaffected. Now that they had a sense of the right direction, they had relaxed quite a bit and naturally exhibited such a cute, vivacious display. The young women drew Li Yamao’s direct gaze, and he began to laugh along with them. He laughed as he walked, but then came to a sudden stop. “This...;...;” He sprang aside, his voice trembling as one of his hands reached up to his head. The light from the torch illuminated a patch of foul black blood. The girls all let out an “Ah!” and drew out their sabers to prepare for battle. They all dispersed and cleared out from the area in their center. Plip. Plop. The black blood dripped down unceasingly from above and fell in front of them. Li Jimao raised the torch. Lin Shu raised his head to look. He still had not yet figured out the situation when he heard a very light laugh, followed by the sound of a voice. “It appears you’re actually quite capable.” This voice was extremely melodic and carried with it a sense of uncertain distance and coldness. It was faintly discernible, as if coming from within a mist, and brought to mind a breeze rustling through the pines on top of a mountain. The voice had the power to momentarily entrance the listener. Unexpectedly, one was unable to distinguish whether it was masculine or feminine. However, the girls started to cheer and shouted out: “Young Miss!” At this point, Lin Shu finally saw that there was a person standing at the very end of one of the dead branches at the top of the tree. The light cast by the fire was limited. Only a silhouette could be made out, their appearance indistinct. This person was in the midst of darkness and surrounded by a horde of demons, but it was as if they were leisurely sitting in their own courtyard. They were slowly wiping their saber as from its blade, black blood trickled down slowly like water. It was a ghastly sight. That was precisely the “Young Miss” the girls had spoken of. The Young Miss sheathed her saber and floated down from the treetop. She landed right in front of them. Li Jimao and Li Yamao gasped. Lin Shu also looked to their front. Now they finally understood that Ling Baoqing’s description of the Young Miss’s appearance had not been blind lip service. The Young Miss wore a veil, with the line of her jaw and the lower half of her face indistinct and faint from behind the gauze. That only made her eyes more noticeable, with her fine brows and phoenix eyes. Her intelligent, shining eyes missed nothing and she glowed with health and vigor. She was so beautiful it was almost unbearable, the kind of beauty that made one unable to look directly at her. Ling Baoqing and the rest of the girls all wore sturdy duanda—valiant and formidable-looking. The Young Miss was about the same age as them, but she was outfitted in a very different style. She wore complicated, elegant red robes, with sleeves that gently fluttered when she walked. It painted an extremely pretty picture. The girls clustered around her, their voices overlapping as they asked how Young Miss had found them, whether Young Miss had sustained any injuries, what happened with that corpse king, and so on. Yet although their tone was eager, they stood no closer than three feet away from her and did not crowd close. It was apparent that they loved and respected their Young Miss. However, the Young Miss did not answer them. Her icy gaze swept across Lin Shu, Li Jimao, and Li Yamao and she asked, “Who are they?” Ling Baojing sketched out their experiences that night. She had just explained how they had met Lin Shu and Old Mister Zhou when the Young Miss frowned and interrupted her, eyes filled with revulsion. “Too dirty. Throw it out.” The ‘it’ she spoke of was Lin Shu. After all, you couldn’t expect a simpleton that spent his days burrowing into various nooks and crannies to be too clean. Even though Lin Shu really wanted to clean this new body of his, in all the rush, there was simply no way to do so. Ling Baochen hurriedly spoke out on Lin Shu’s behalf and said that he had been a tremendous help to them. The Young Miss let out an “oh” and looked at Lin Shu. She coldly said, “Since that’s the case, I’ll just give him a beating.” Lin Shu: “...;...;” The Young Miss’s hand was on the hilt of her saber and the corners of her eyes twitched, as if she was trying to suppress the urge to draw her saber and kill someone. She said to him, “If you want to come with us, get yourself cleaned up. If you dirty my eyes again, I’ll have no choice but to flay the skin off you.” Lin Shu: “???” Okay, then. The master of this group of little hooligans from Phoenix Heights was indeed an even more unreasonable boss ruffian. Where could he go to find water to clean himself on a barren mountain in the middle of the night? The heavens? The author has something to say: The voice of society: throw it out, beat it up, flay off your skin. Hi, all! It’s Lanlan. I haven’t set an update schedule for this story and I don’t think I am going to, either. Just rest assured I will post <strong>at least one update a week</strong> and will definitely post more as my schedule allows. Real life is going to be quite hectic for me in the foreseeable future, but I will try my best to push those updates out as I want to give all of you out there the opportunity to enjoy this story as much as I do <i>author: Yi Shi Si Zhou (一十四洲）</i>  <i>translator: Lanlan</i> editor: sleepingjay <i>proofreader: Elestrea</i>  Fortunately, Lin Shu did not really need to scour the desolate, wild mountains for water. Ling Baochen smiled and formed a hand seal. The next second, a ball of white light smashed down over Lin Shu’s head—a common washing up spell. The skin all over Lin Shu’s body felt scorched and tingled painfully for a while. By the time the spell concluded fifteen minutes later, Lin Shu had been completely scrubbed clean by spiritual energy. He felt that even his breathing was easier and lighter than before. “Oh my,” Ling Baochen smiled, “Little beggar, you’re actually quite handsome.” Ling Baoqing and a few others all craned their necks to see what kind of handsome countenance had been produced after the scrubbing. After looking, they all started to giggle. “This guy is really strange. He’s neither dumb nor ugly, but he made himself look like a dog who rolled in a mud hole.” Lin Shu had trouble breathing under all of their gazes and thought that he’d rather be dirty still. The Young Miss coldly looked askance in their direction and then finally grunted through her nose. It seemed that she would not be flaying Lin Shu after all. Ling Baochen asked, “What are you three called?” Li Jimao answered, “I’m called Li Jimao and my little brother is Li Yamao.” They all laughed out loud. Even the Young Miss’s eyes seemed to smile as she asked, “There’s no Li E’mao?” Li Yamao was awed. “Young Miss is a mind reader! My little sister’s name is Li E’mao!” Ling Baochen looked over at Lin Shu again. He said, “Lin Shu.” “Your name is pretty interesting. Is there some kind of deeper meaning to it?” Ling Baochen asked. Lin Shu said, “No.” Annoyed, Ling Baochen said, “You’re seriously too boring.” Lin Shu didn’t reply. His name did have a deeper meaning to it, but he didn’t want to open his mouth as he really was a boring person. The Young Miss turned and walked forward. “Let’s go.” The girls ran to catch up. They chattered, asking Young Miss how she had found them. “You’re so noisy that someone could hear you from more than ten miles away,” the Young Miss said. The young women weren’t willing to let her off that easily. The Young Miss lightly laughed. She raised her hand and a butterfly appeared from the inky darkness and landed on Ling Baoqing’s shoulder. Ling Baoqing said, “It’s a phoenix butterfly! We also thought of using a phoenix butterfly to find you, but this place is seriously way too dark. Even if the butterfly could find you, we wouldn’t be able to find the butterfly.” “Listen,” Young Miss said, “If you can’t even hear the flap of a butterfly’s wings, when you encounter the Hall of Dreams’s hidden weapon ‘Leisurely Floating Blossoms,’ wouldn’t you just be resigning yourself to death?” Ling Baoqing sensibly replied, “Yes, we must still practice more.” Lin Shu heard Li Yamao gasp sharply with a hiss next to him. He probably could not imagine that anyone could hear the sound produced by the beating of a butterfly’s wings. If one desired to be able to hear the flapping of a butterfly’s wings, they must first undergo an extremely long and extraordinary practice. The patience and determination this required already far surpassed that of an ordinary human. With that kind of patience and drive, their study of martial arts and cultivation base must be outstanding. This wanting-to-flay-someone-at-first-meeting Young Miss was indeed a complicated Young Miss. Just as Lin Shu was thinking this, he suddenly heard Ling Baochen say, “Why did Young Miss take so long to come back? Was the corpse king really so fierce?” The Young Miss replied, “Killing is easy, but capturing alive is hard. The corpse king was still in control of his mental faculties. After I had captured him, I asked him to tell me about the situation in the city. If he didn’t cooperate, I would count his bones, shattering each one as I counted, starting from his scapula.” Lin Shu: “...;...;” What a ruthless person. He heard the girls continue to ask, “Did he tell you?” “He told me.” Young Miss caressed her saber’s scabbard, saying, “In the fourteenth year of Yongguang, General Dugu Cheng of Minzhou City established himself as king and began an uprising. However, the uprising was not successful. The dynasty dispatched troops to quell the rebellion. Dugu Cheng’s troops, the officials and citizens of Minzhou, the scholars, the warriors...;...; all were buried alive!” The girls all responded with, “Ahh.” The Young Miss continued, “The resentful spirits of the dead became fierce ghosts and guarded the city. Minzhou City is indeed a ghost city.” Ling Baochen’s voice trembled. “Then...;...; should we report this to our Master?” The Young Miss said, “Even the dynastic forces could not settle this, naturally our manor can’t settle it either.” “That’s true...;...;” Ling Baoqing stood to one side. “Are we still going then?” “I’d like to pay a visit to General Dugu, he who had mustered the forces to rebel, and ask him about some things,” the Young Miss said. All the people from Phoenix Heights naturally followed Young Miss blindly. Lin Shu didn’t care, but Li Jimao and Li Yamao were terrified. One lowered his voice and asked Lin Shu, “What should we do?” Lin Shu walked to the side and drew farther away. Face expressionless, he said, “Follow.” Li Jimao said, “But that’s a ghost city.” Lin Shu: “Then go back.” Li Jimao: “...;...;” Naturally, there was no going back. Even if they didn’t know this young miss’s intention in going, they could only follow along. They battled the animated corpses and pressed forward. After about two shichen, they finally reached the front gate of Minzhou City. This weak body of Lin Shu’s had already endured almost all it could bear and was on the verge of collapse. He had to take a breather every two steps and relied entirely on his willpower to remain upright. This made the Young Miss take a few more glances at him. She raised her hand to knock on the city gate. It was clear she put spiritual energy behind her knock as the extremely high, thick city gate let out a muffled thud. Next, Young Miss said in a clear voice, “Ling Fengxiao of Liangzhou wishes to see General Dugu.” —So this person’s name was Ling Fengxiao, an unexpectedly beautiful name. A short time later, a hoarse voice issued from the inside. “Minzhou City has already shunned the world for a long time and will not accept outsiders. What does the young maiden want?” Ling Fengxiao said, “Looking for someone.” “Who?” “As the saying goes, if you marry a chicken, follow the chicken and if you marry a dog, follow the dog. Naturally, if you marry a ghost, you must follow the ghost,” Ling Fengxiao said indifferently. “My noble fiancé is from Minzhou City and our wedding is drawing near, but I have heard no news from him lately. My only choice was to come to your honored city to search.” “Maiden, please wait a moment.” After around fifteen minutes had passed, that voice again sounded out. “The General says, if this city has such a ghost, there is no reason why the young maiden should not be able to marry into Minzhou City. May I ask the name and birth date of the maiden’s husband?” Ling Fengxiao: “Don’t know them.” Lin Shu could feel the ghost guardsman’s speechlessness from the other side of the gate. After a while, the ghost guardsman finally continued, “What does the maiden know? Do not hesitate to speak.” Ling Fengxiao: “...;...;” After another long pause, she finally said, “Should be under sixteen years of age, might be male or female.” The ghost guardsman asked in astonishment, “Maiden does not even know whether it is a man or a woman?” Ling Fengxiao serenely replied, “Sometimes one cannot tell the difference between male and female resentful spirits. I am only concerned that you would search for the wrong person.” The guardsman said, “I will not deceive this young maiden. If your husband is under sixteen, then he would only be a child ten years ago, his spirit weak. He would have no way to become a ghost and is already no longer in the mortal realm.” Ling Fengxiao said, “Then search for his master, an immortal who calls himself Taoyuan-jun.” The watchman replied, “Those who have practiced the immortal way are often cold and indifferent. They do not have enough resentful energy and also have no way to become ghosts. Maiden, please accept this fate.” Li Yamao sighed and whispered to Li Jimao, “Ai, even if this young miss is the most beautiful young girl under the heavens, after today she’ll become the most beautiful widow under the heavens. Sure, she will still be number one under the heavens, but in the end, ‘number one widow’ is not very pleasant to the ear.” Ling Fengxiao turned her head to look at him. Her eyes were cold and frightened him into recoiling in fear like a quail. He heard Ling Fengxiao continue speaking to the ghost guardsman, “In that case, I will take my leave, but I have a message for you to pass to General Dugu.” The ghost guardsman said, “Please speak.” “Our state is currently engaged in a fierce war with the state of Northern Xia. If the General renounces the darkness and again seeks the light, he may be able to dispel the enmity with our state.” The ghost guardsman let out a regretful laugh. “The dynasty had a considerably negative effect on our Minzhou City. We will certainly not offer a single soldier to aid the Southern Xia unless there is a dynastic change. Maiden, it’s best if you just return.” Ling Fengxiao didn’t insist on that topic and asked again, “Those two people really aren’t in the city?” “Definitely not.” The ghost guardsman’s tone was sincere. Anyone could see that the Young Miss was very irritated. In the midst of the Phoenix Heights members, the youngest, Ling Baojing, started crying in the back. It was undeniable. Young Miss would have to observe widowhood! Seeing them go back, Li Jimao trembled and said, “Our village...;...;” The kindest of the group, Ling Baochen, said to Ling Fengxiao, “Young Miss, how about we lead them out of the city?” When Ling Fengxiao was in a bad mood, her temper was atrocious. She looked at Lin Shu and the other two up and down and then moodily retorted, “They can go to hell for all I care.” After a moment, she said, “Send the villagers to Ning’an and find a place for them.” The young women responded in the affirmative and set out to return. As they walked, they cursed in low voices, “That goddamned man was actually dead!” author: Yi Shi Si Zhou (一十四洲）translator: Lanlaneditor: sleepingjay, milarynproofreader: Elestrea After Ling Fengxiao finished instructing them to bring the villagers to Ning’an, she sprung up and departed using qing gong. Her red robes fluttered in the air before disappearing from the group’s sight. Unfortunately, the temperament of this young miss was even more hot-blooded and impatient than they had thought, to the extent that she wasn’t even willing to walk this section of the path with them. “Young Miss specifically came to Minzhou City—who knew it would end in this kind of result,” Ling Baochen said. “After today, even if Young Miss were to marry another man, she would no longer be able to marry any of the best candidates,” Ling Baojing said. Ling Baoqing snorted coldly. “So that bastard was worthless from the start! That good-for-nothing’s master was called Taoyuan-jun? Let me ask you, have you ever heard of such a person in the Jianghu? How could someone who’s no more than a nameless youngster produce any sort of good apprentice?” Ling Baochen sighed. “The person our master arranged for Young Miss naturally wouldn’t be that bad. The name ‘Taoyuan-jun’ sounds very esoteric, perhaps he’s a mysterious hermit of great ability who keeps to himself. It’s unfortunate that the rebellion was so far-reaching and implicated so many people. Even hermits of great ability were unable to remain aloof and focus on their own pursuit of virtue. Otherwise, if Taoyuan-jun is still alive, how could there be no news of him for ten years?” Lin Shu and the two others followed them as quietly as mice. They had been listening to the young women’s distress over the marriage of their Young Miss for the whole journey. After exhausting the list of talented young men of the Jianghu, they came to a conclusion: no one was worthy of Young Miss. They were all very worried and Li Jimao and Li Yamao had also commiserated in understanding. However, Lin Shu couldn’t really understand nor sympathize with that kind of feeling. For one, he wasn’t very familiar with this world’s customs after all. To his knowledge, a married woman being widowed wasn’t considered shameful , let alone this kind of childhood betrothal where the two parties had never even met face-to-face before. And second, this type of girl, who was accustomed to threatening people with flaying and shattering their bones, was truly vicious and merciless. Vicious and merciless people were typically cold-blooded and heartless. —But it didn’t matter what kind of person the Young Miss was, because it had nothing to do with him. He and this Young Miss were merely strangers brought together by fate and after today, they would likely part forever. Right now, his only concern was to find a way to start cultivating and overcome his weak constitution. When he thought of cultivating, he suddenly recalled his previous life. Every midnight, he would gaze into the dark and enter a meditative trance. In the wee hours of the morning, he would practice the sword. At dawn, he would collect his backpack and go to school. There had been many people in the classroom. He had always sat in the corner of the last row. Thick textbooks had been piled in front of his face as if isolating him, creating a space away from the disturbances of others. One day, those things had all been swept to the ground. A few people surrounded him, jeering and ridiculing him with words he had already forgotten. They were probably something like “psycho” or “mute”—those kinds of vicious words. Many more people had been looked on. He squatted down and picked up those books, placing them back on his desk. But they were all knocked down to the floor again. He lowered his head and continued to pick them up. It was probably because an activity like bullying a simpleton was pointless, and watching a simpleton being bullied wasn’t entertaining either, so after several rounds of knocking his things over, those people grew bored and dispersed. That day, he had gone home and told his master: I want to die. That old man had said, No can do. You have to practice the sword. After the Mahayana, you will be able to roam the heavens and earth freely and do as you please. If you want to avoid dealing with people, just avoid dealing with people. Tsk.Live freely. Lin Shu: Oh. Thus, he did not die and continued to practice the sword. While practicing and practicing, several years had passed like flowing water and Master died. His life didn’t change at all. He kept practicing as he should and tested into college along the way. Later on, it gradually became time for the Mahayana and he had to undergo a tribulation. And then even later on, here he was. To Lin Shu, this world didn’t seem all that different apart from it possibly having more cultivators and no lightning rods—the root of all evil. He planned to spend this life the same way he had spent his previous life: practicing the sword. Being the kind of person he was, if he wanted to be comfortable he’d need to either die or enter the Mahayana. However, it may be a little too difficult to cultivate to immortality using this body with its bizarrely terrible spiritual roots. He was slightly at a loss and unconsciously, his footsteps slowed. Ling Baoqing pressed him, “Hurry it up!” He mentally prepared himself before opening his mouth to ask the fierce-looking Ling Baoqing, “Are there many people out there cultivating to immortality?” “What’s this?” Ling Baoqing looked askance at him. “You also want to cultivate to immortality?” Lin Shu: “Mm.” “It’s simple.” Ling Baoqing didn’t deliberately make things difficult for him. “Confucians and Daoists like to say education is for everyone, regardless of one’s background. We of the immortal path are the same. As long as one has the talent, any kind of person can cultivate to immortality.” Lin Shu felt that since one was chosen based on talent, she couldn’t say that “education was for everyone, regardless of their background.” This Ling Baoqing-xiaojie’s education level was a bit worrying. But reason prevented him from mentioning this matter so instead, he asked, “How’s that?” “For example, in two months’ time, there will be a ‘Shangling Examination.’ Anyone from the Southern Xia Dynasty can participate,” Ling Baoqing said. “Assuming one passes the annual Shangling Examination, he can enter Shuzhou’s ‘Shangling Academy’ regardless of whether he is a Confucian scholar, a warrior, a cultivator of immortality, a practitioner of Buddhism, and so on. Countless famous masters teach at the Shangling Academy and as long as you want to learn, you will naturally make some achievements. Aside from the Shangling Academy, there are a few other academies. Although they’re slightly inferior compared to Shangling, they’re all good.” After she finished, she sized up Lin Shu from head to toe and then walked away, calling back, “But little beggar, I see that your body is weak and can’t even withstand a gust of wind—you can’t study martial arts. Naturally, you also don’t have any Confucian or Daoist cultivation potential. I’m afraid that—it’s impossible for you!” Lin Shu felt a little stab in his heart, but he silently made a note of that “Shangling Examination.” After returning to the village, Ling Baoqing and her party conveyed the Young Miss’s intentions to the villagers. They were told that they would be safely escorted to the comparatively bustling Ning’an, where they could stay for a while. Naturally, the villagers were moved to tears by this kindness and after thanking them in every possible way, immediately started to pack up their familial belongings. They threw away every object that was heavy and unwieldy, while saving the few things that were worth some money. They affixed them to handcarts that were pulled along by thin, weak-looking donkeys or mules. The girls of Phoenix Heights did not turn their backs in disgust at their poverty and helped them from beginning to end. Lin Shu remained in his thatched shack. The room was empty and there was nothing to tidy up. Thus, all he did was stare up at the roof and silently recite the word seals and chants for mental cultivation, so that he would not forget them in the future. He didn’t know how much time had passed until he heard the sound of approaching footsteps. It was that lady. She held a small black box in her cupped hands. From beside the door, she said, “Young sir, that year your master entreated our family to safeguard this thing. He said it was left for you.” Lin Shu took it and somewhat stiffly said, “Thank you.” The woman eyed him a few times and said, “I really didn’t expect that you’d actually be quite handsome after washing up.” Lin Shu’s language faculties could not handle responding to her sentence. He looked at the small box in his hand and thought that since this body of his still possessed the succession of teachings from master to disciple, it was better to have a clear understanding of things. He asked, “My master...;...; Why did he leave me here?” The old lady sighed, “How could we know what immortals are thinking? When you meet him in the future, just ask him yourself.” He feared he wouldn’t be able to recognize him when they did meet. Or maybe that cheap master of his would be able to recognize him, but he wouldn’t be able to recognize his own master. He could only repeat, “I don’t remember what he’s like.” “I also only roughly remember.” An admiring, dreamy look appeared on the lady’s face. “Very young, dressed in white, and very handsome.” In fact, this was as good as saying nothing at all, because immortals tended to favor white clothing, and young people in white clothing were usually beautiful. Lin Shu chose to keep asking questions. “What was he called?” “That I don’t know,” the older woman said. “How could people like us easily gain the knowledge of an immortal’s name?” Lin Shu: “Many thanks.” After thanking her, his language reserves ran dry and he lapsed into silence. The atmosphere suddenly became awkward. Thankfully, the old lady flapped a hand. “I have to go gather up my things. I’ll take my leave first.” Lin Shu relaxed, and then opened the small box. Inside the box were two objects. The first was a yuhuang made of smoky jade. It was very small and the jade was delicately carved. After holding it in his palm, a cool, refreshing sensation suffused through his limbs from the center of his palm. This jade was saturated with spiritual energy. The little dragon carved on the jade was exquisite, vivid and lifelike. Part of its body was coiled, forming a small hole through which a thin, black cord was passed. Lin Shu pondered over this for a while. In the end, he picked up the fine black cord and looped the jade ornament around his neck. Whatever the origin of the yuhuang, it was of good quality, and good spiritual energy could warm the body and help the meridians; although the effect was small, it was still better than nothing. He couldn’t tell what material the second object was made of. It was like jade, but not jade. It was like gold, but not gold. Its shape was cylindrical and its surface was painted with joyous and auspicious designs. Lin Shu picked it up and shook it. Sure enough, it made a noise when shaken. He hoped that it contained a secret book of peerless martial arts techniques passed down by that master; yearning that studying it would wash the impurities from his meridians and marrows and turn this zero into a hero. It was a lovely wish, but he didn’t know if that would actually happen because he couldn’t open it. The surface of the cylinder was extremely hard—dashing it to the ground didn’t open it either. There were no gaps or cracks in its body, leaving one with no clues on where to even start opening it. Lin Shu reverently put it away. He believed that it must contain some sort of exceptional, secret book and that he would be able to open it one day. After half a day, everything had been packed up and readied. A dozen or so mules and donkeys pulling handcarts set off majestically. Li Jimao and Li Yamao each drove a donkey, while Lin Shu was assigned to the cart those two donkeys were pulling. Of all of his belongings, he only had one treasure: the ‘Schrodinger’s cylinder’ that could possibly contain either an exceptional, secret book or a piece of garbage. Out of nowhere, Lin Shu smelled a wisp of ominous odor from that Schrodinger’s cylinder, probably because modern physics always seemed to have it out for him. Upon leaving the village, all of the people, donkeys, and mules turned their heads to take one last look at the dilapidated ruin of a town before joyfully departing. Although they were cheerful, the pace of the donkeys and mules was still quite slow. Thus, they only reached Ning’an six days later. As expected, that person had exhausted her patience already and had become very temperamental. When they met up in an inn, the Young Miss was drinking expressionlessly on the second floor. When she saw that they had arrived, she moodily threw a pile of stuff onto the table below, producing a huge crack in the wood.. It was a deed for land, a pile of documents from officials, and a few silver-backed banknotes. It turned out that the reason why the Young Miss had not gone with Ling Baoqing was not because she was too angered from her dead fiancé, but because she had gone ahead to the feudal authorities of Ning’an to give a report. Within the space of a few days’ time, the Young Miss had not only solved the problem of the villagers’ ancestral village, but had also bought them a piece of land in the southern outskirts. The villagers dared not accept, but Ling Baochen pressed the land deed and the banknotes into their hands. In a gentle voice, she said, “Do you think our mountain village would miss two taels of silver? Treat it as our thanks to Sir Lin and the two Li brothers for guiding our way.” “Young Miss is as kind-hearted as ever.” Ling Baoqing rolled her eyes where the villagers couldn’t see. “Treat it as an accumulation of good karma on the part of that dead bastard.” The villagers were so thankful they almost started loudly hailing the Young Miss as the Goddess of Mercy, the Bodhisattva of Compassion Guanyin. The Goddess of Mercy Guanyin had no reaction whatsoever to their thanks and even snorted coldly. She descended to the first floor and, leading out a snow-white horse, said, “I’m off.” Ling Baochen let out an “Ai!” To the villagers, she said, “Everyone, our time together has reached its end, and now we’ll be taking our leave.” The sight of the Young Miss flipping onto her horse—the red muslin and golden thread on her clothing falling onto the snow-white horse—was extremely haughty and honorable. She waited until the girls caught up before they all spurred on their horses, their figures gradually melting into the setting sun on the horizon. The villagers held up the land deed, the official documents, and the banknotes. “She was really a good person, eh!” Lin Shu felt a little complicated. It seemed that the Young Miss wasn’t a completely coldblooded, emotionless person, and was indeed even a little kind. After all, they had only met by chance, like patches of floating duckweed, so bringing the villagers out of the ghost city was already showing meticulous virtue and attention to duty. Women were mercurial indeed. He resolved to rename “Schrodinger’s cylinder” to the “Ling Fengxiao cylinder.” In this way, the name was not only consistent with the nature of the cylinder, but also got rid of the stain modern physics put on it. The author has something to say: And now we’ll be taking our leave...;...; my ass! Lin Shu and his grudge against modern physics 😂😂😂