 Chapter 1 <strong>Chapter 1: Grand Fudge System</strong>  “I am leaving!” He said to his parents . As usual, Hu Feng started jogging at night . On the starry night, a beam of light crossed the sky . As if searching for the target, the light turned slightly and rushed straight to his mouth . “Ah!” He thought it was a flying bug, but before he had time to react, the light disappeared into his mouth . “What have I just eaten? A firefly?” Slightly shocked, Hu Feng felt that he was really unlucky tonight . “Detected intelligent life . Analysis of communication language completed . System binding...;” Deep in his mind, a mechanical monotonous electronic synthesis sound came over . Hu Feng understood that he had an adventure now, just like the protagonists in novels! “System, what is your name? What can you do?” Hu Feng couldn’t help but ask . He took a deep breath and forced himself to calm down . After being normal for more than ten years, he finally got a legendary cheat system . He was very excited . “System full name – Grand Fudge System . ” “There’s no upper limit on the system function . The higher the host’s ability, the more fudge value the host collects, and the stronger the system functions . ” Hu Feng felt confused . “System, you should introduce your own role a little easier . ” “The host needs to exert his imagination, making people believe what they imagine and create . According to the degree of public belief, the system can harvest different amount of mental power from them, which is also the fudge value . ” “As long as you use enough fudge value, the host can create and kill anything, even become omnipotent...;” “For example, the dinosaurs on the host’s planet have long become extinct . Assuming that the host uses fudge values and creates a living Tyrannosaurus in Downtown area, thus convincing people that the dinosaurs are not completely extinct . This is a successful fudging event . ” Grand Fudge System slowly explained . “I understand! You want me to deceive or fool people, then convince people that everything I do is real, and break their inherent cognition of reality . ” Hu Feng said . “You’re right . ” “But I have a question! How many fudge values do I have now?” In the face of Hu Feng’s question, the system in his mind was slightly stagnant, and there was no answer . Sssss . The next second, a faint blue light curtain appeared in front of his eyes . [Grand Fudge System] Host: Hu Feng Age: 18 Fudge value: 10 . 00 “Only a thousand fudge values...;” “Please check again, it’s not a thousand, but only 10 . ” “...;” Hu Feng was silent for a moment . After a while, He came out of his trance and asked . “How can I do with only 10?” “10 points allow you to create any weak supernatural phenomena in the region of a total of no more than 300 square kilometers . The specific consumption depends on the specific things you create . ” “Weak supernatural phenomena, according to the interpretation of your common sense, is the phenomena of weak martial arts, weak magic, and weak technology . ” The system answered . “300 square kilometers? 140 football fields are only 1 square kilometer . It’s really big!” After a shock, Hu Feng began to wonder what to do . These 10 points were his starting capital . He must not reveal himself in the initial incident when he fudged the public, so he couldn’t start in the small county town where he lived . Secondly, he must accurately break people’s inherent cognition, and let them believe that what he created really existed in this world . Things like supernatural phenomena should be big enough to be unable to be controlled by the state, and should spread quickly . Hu Feng had already thought about it . He would fool people on the Internet . Last but not the least, he now had very few points, which could only be used to create some faint supernatural phenomena . He shouldn’t make it too big . He should start from a small thing and make a supernatural phenomena that scares people! He had to think it thoroughly though . He cannot afford to make any mistakes . Otherwise, even if he still had such a grand fudge system, it would be useless without fudge values . Thinking of this, Hu Feng was in no mood to jogging at night . He simply returned home directly . He locked the door from inside, drew the curtains, and turned on the computer . He used the search engine repeatedly to develop plans for his future implementation . ...;Because he just had the college entrance examination, it’s now the summer vacation . He also had plenty of time to think . A total of 48 hours! After staying in his room for a long time, he finally had a rough plan . That is, consume the fudge points to create faint supernatural phenomena of haunting . Should I let the ghosts appear in the public, or let the police in the Public Security Bureau directly encounter ghosts? It’s conceivable that in this era, if such a strange phenomenon appeared and multiple victims testified, with the help of the media, it might make it to the top ten searches . Once it became popular, even if only a small number of netizens believed that ghosts did exist in the world...; Considering the huge number of Chinese netizens, he could definitely get tons of fudge values! “However, this ghostly scheme is good, but the specific layout needs to be considered . ” Holding his chin, Hu Feng became silent...; “Hello, I am Andy Lau, I recommend you a super fun game – Explore the Moon!” “The new version that you haven’t played . Playing three minutes, you will love this game, just like me . Join this game, and I will be your partner!” Just surfing the Internet, a game advertisement showed up on the screen . Hu Feng suddenly came up with an idea . “I know it! The game can be used as a source of spirituality, so that it is perfect to ensure that I will not be exposed behind the scenes, and countless netizens will voluntarily rise to the bait!” Hu Feng suddenly stood up . Even for primary school students, they could play a variety of games . Especially for mobile games, it would be more popular . Create a mobile game and then transfer it to the leaderboards of major app platforms . Players could easily download this game . Once the player tried this game, they would soon encounter the same spiritual phenomena as the mobile game in reality! At that time, even those who believed in the materialist worldview for a lifetime wouldn’t doubt that the ghosts around them were illusory . They would be afraid of the ghosts in mobile games that have entered reality . Hu Feng understood that it was very easy for ghosts to appear around a netizen as long as he consumed fudge values . But there was a problem . Now, with only 10 points, it was impossible to make all Chinese players download this game . But he was only annoyed for a moment . “I am really stupid . I just have to limit this mobile game to appear only in a Chinese city, and it can only be downloaded by the players in that city!” Hu Feng scratched his head . Opening a word document, Hu Feng began to write down the plan he had come up with . “The game itself is also a key element of making a big fuss! I need to take advantage on this . For example, build a multiplayer mobile game, and let the players team up to catch ghosts . Or build a forum inside the mobile game, so players can also communicate there . ” “Sometimes, fear comes not only from what you see, but also the atmosphere!” “I only have ten points . Creating a game, making it appear in a city, and guaranteeing that it will not be attacked by hackers will cost me more than half of the points . ” “It’s destined that only single-digit players can actually encounter ghosts . ” “But if the player who encounters a ghost asks for help in the game’s forum, won’t other players have the same feeling and think more?” Hu Feng thought...; The time went on . The next day . Hu Feng, who had completed his plan, started communicating with the system . After a long time of thinking, he had already confirmed the city that the game would be implemented . It’s the mega-city with a permanent population of more tens of millions . Shanghai, it had the Huangpu River, the Oriental Pearl, and the nickname of the Magic City! “Grand Fudge System, how should I use the fudge values now to realize my plan?” “You only need to imagine, then consume the values as an energy source . ” After hearing the answer, Hu Feng began to take action . Chapter 2 <strong>Chapter 2: Mobile Game – Ghost Gate</strong>  Hu Feng named the first mobile game he created【Ghost Gate】 . The game icon was a word ‘ghost’ written in Traditional Chinese with a dark background . A boundless shadow surrounded the word . A majestic gate could be seen in the shadow vaguely . Any mobile game had its own story introduction . Ghost Gate was a first-person game . Players would play as apprentices of ghosts, would wear yellow-brown shrouds, and traveled around the country . Dedicated to the pursuit of a variety of ghosts, players had to liberate the spirits and other innocent souls, or to explore the story of all kinds of Strange Talks . Players could choose to play alone or with a team . According to the increase in the number of players, the difficulty would also multiply . In every map, there were many hidden props waiting for players to discover . For example, the Buddhist scriptures – used to liberate the super-poor spirits, the cow’s tears – used to see the ghosts, the willow branches – used to harm the baby spirits, the black dog – blood that had a great deterrent effect on ghosts, the thunder charms – used to make thunder rumble, the copper sword – caused fixed damage to low-level ghosts, and etc . The gameplay was combined with grinding and adventures . The ghosts with the dangerous level on the map were the NPCs . As a copy, presented as ‘? ? ?’ on the map, were the Strange Talks that required players to solve with wisdom or destroy with the strength according to the situation . Each time the player liberated or killed a ghost, he could gain a certain amount of experience and money . Every time the player passed a Strange Talk, he could get a treasure chest, which consisted of a random number of coins and rare game props . The experience was used to increase the level of players . After level 10, players had three different professions to choose from . The first occupation was a melee-based fighter with a strong life with a high attack power and a black shackle on the shoulders . The second occupation was like a mage focused on long-range spellcasting attacks, holding a white bat, like a moving turret . The last occupation walked in shadows, always tried to kill the enemies with one single attack, and never get himself exposed . It’s a ghost assassin with a green assassin plate hung at his waist . Players with different occupations had different visual effects of the skills when attacking ghosts . Fighters looked heroic, mages looked gorgeous, and assassin attacked fast . With in-game currency – Hell Dollars (HD), players could purchase pets, equipment, recovery items, mounts, servants . They could also purchase the underworld practice from the neutral ghost bosses Bull Head Horse Face, Judge Cui, Grandma Meng, and etc . , to enhance the individual’s comprehensive combat strength . Each player had a fatigue value of 300 per day . Every time the player killed a ghost, the fatigue value would be reduced by one . Each time the player tried a Strange Talk, the fatigue value would be reduced by 30 . The fatigue value was refreshed every day . When the fatigue value reached 0, the player couldn’t attack or liberate any ghost, and it’s even impossible to get any reward . However, players in this state could try to trigger the hidden NPCs, or the red high-risk talks . Once these two events got triggered successfully, the player’s fatigue value will be refreshed to MAX immediately! And if these two events triggered weren’t completely solved, the player’s fatigue value would never change and remain in an infinite state . The setting was confirmed after Hu Feng inquired the system . He originally wanted every player who played this mobile game to encounter ghosts, but the fudge value consumed would be extremely high . He couldn’t afford it now . Hence Hu Feng decided to make the players who triggered hidden NPCs or red high-risk talks encounter ghosts! If the players thought that they found a loophole and enjoyed the unlimited fatigue value, it would be hilarious because at that time, the ghosts in the mobile game would walk into their real life! Hu Feng continued to set up Ghost Gate . According to the level from low to high, different ghosts looked red, white, green, blue, black, and red on the map, respectively . Then he had to design the music and BGM in the mobile game . Hu Feng intended to find those outstanding songs directly from the Internet . Then he embedded the music in the team interface, the battle scenes, the Strange Talks, and etc . He wanted to ensure that the players would enjoy it . Every player, as an apprentice, would grow by liberating or killing ghosts in the game . As the player reached higher levels and possessed various better equipments, they would also begin to get a lot of exposure to the Strange Talk copies . In any large city map, there would be exclusive red high-risk talks . In his thought process, the players in the major cities of China would encounter these exclusive red high-risk talks, compared to the ordinary Strange Talk, each screen plot would be a masterpiece . In the northeast region, players could get exposure to【Cat-faced Old Lady】, and etc . In the capital, Beijing, there were【Night bus 375 Non-human Passengers】,【Haunted Babao Mountain Funeral Home】,【Crying Ancient Well】, and etc . Players wandering in the map Magic City would randomly trigger the【Lins No . 37】and【Huangpu River Well】 . 【Bizarre Boy In Red】would appear in Chongqing area . In Yunnan area, there’s【Eight-person Dorm Tragedy】 . In Henan, there’s【Top Ghost Village】 . Players once triggered the exclusive red high-risk talks, they must defeat the ghosts within a short period of time . If the time limit was up, and the player was not successful, all players in his range would die instantly! If the exclusive red high-risk talk triggered in large cities couldn’t be solved, on the China map, the area would permanently turn into the red-zone, and completely become a ghost country . All players entering the area would gain the curse buff automatically . The player’s combat power would be decreased by 70% . Various pets, mounts, and servants that players carried or collected, such as sand bugs, paper horses, and ghost soldiers, would lose a great amount of loyalty, so that they might betray them any time . They might even turn and attack the owner . And with these large cities becoming ghost countries, massive ghosts would swarm out and start attacking other cities every three days . Players must resist the ghost attacks, otherwise the ghost countries would spread rapidly on the China map like cancer cells . With the increasing number of red areas, the spreading speed of ghosts would also increase, and high-level ghosts would also become numerous . Such as hungry ghosts which would obtain group buff automatically and devour everything, flying ghosts which would bring the draught, and ghost mother which had thousands of ghost children . Once the entire China map became red, all the players’ apprenticeships would fail . In the underworld, the ghost gate would be opened, and the four major ghosts would come over to clean everything and restore order . The level, equipment, props and other data of all players would be formatted . The entire China map would become normal, and everything would be started again . In the game design, if players failed, and everything restarted, it’s called reincarnation . At last, Hu Feng also created a small forum in the game to facilitate players to chat . Designing all the details, Hu Feng also heard the system prompts in his mind . “Creating such a mobile game requires five points of fudge value . ” “Putting the magical hand game on the market, limiting the downloading to Shanghai netizens, and avoiding anyone on the Internet to trace the source requires two points...;” Hu Feng knew that he still had three points, which would be definitely enough to make single-digit players encounter ghosts and experience the real horror . “Enough, system . Create what I designed!” Chapter 3 <strong>Chapter 3: Into the Market</strong>  Today, no one knew when on the leaderboard of mobile games in China’s mega-city, Shanghai, a strange game called 【Ghost Gate】 came out of nowhere . It had been almost three days since Hu Feng launched the game . It was hot in summer . At twelve o’clock, the rookies of South Shanghai University didn’t want to go out . They were all resting in their bedrooms, playing computer and mobile games . A freshman in room 407, Fu Lu was no exception . “Stupid teammates!” Irritated by his teammates, Fu Lu quitted Kings of Glory without reluctance . He was tired of Kings of Glory, it was now time for a new mobile game! He checked the latest Android mobile game list right away . Browsing it, he found that it was filled with old stuff, such as PUBG, Yin Yang masters, Fantasy Westward Journey, etc . It’s really boring . When he was about to check the next page, a game called【Ghost Gate】attracted him . The game icon looked bizarre . Its background was black and a word ‘ghost’ written in Traditional Chinese was in the center . Looking at it carefully, he found a majestic gate in the darkness . It seemed that it was the legendary ghost gate, and it looked really scary . It’s the exciting game that I’m looking for! Fu Lu thought . Interested in it, Fu Lu couldn’t help but click the button to download . The data size of the game was only 100 megabytes . Instantly, he had already downloaded and installed it . Starting the game, a CG video showed up, which mainly introduced the identity of the player – specifically responsible for solving ghosts and Strange Talks in China . “It looks quite similar to other games . It’s just an RPG game combined with solving puzzles . ” As a senior game player who had played a variety of mobile games on the market, Fu Lu thought as he wasn’t surprised at all . Registering his nickname and skipping the novice training, he entered the game directly . “Please choose your place of birth, or you cannot create a character, but only play as a visitor . ” At this moment, what stunned Fu Lu happened! A complete map of China appeared on the screen of his mobile phone . There were numerous large and small towns scattered on the map, such as municipalities, sub-provincial cities, prefecture-level cities, county-level cities, special administrative regions, and coastal ports . Everything was exactly the same as the real map! After he gently adjusted the map scale, he found he’s also able to zoom in and out . At the top left of the map, there was a forum entry; in the upper right corner, there was an in-game map search bar that helped players search for unfamiliar streets, buildings, small towns, towns and others . Finding his own city, Fu Lu try to zoom in . He was even more shocked! On the map displayed in the game, all the 18 districts and a county of Shanghai were displayed! Huangpu District, Xuhui District, Hongkou District, Minhang District, Songjiang District...; Nothing was missing . He continued to zoom in . Street intersections and famous buildings in various districts appeared . Fu Lu could even find his university . There were cars and pedestrians on the roads and crowds in the university . It looked like a real simulation of the city, which made him excited! Zooming in to the limit, now he could see even more clearly . In various streets and famous buildings, there were lots of ghosts in different colors . At the crossroads, several green ghost with broken limbs stared at pedestrians angrily . They became ghosts due to a car accident, and they seemed to be looking for scapegoats . Fu Lu clicked on these ghosts, and the system showed that these green ghosts were level 2 . Since he was currently a visitor, he couldn’t attack . He then checked a crematorium in the suburbs, where there was a pale and gloomy elderly ghost standing expressionlessly . Clicking on him, the system prompted that it was the white harmless soul of the level one . Since he was currently a visitor, he couldn’t liberate it . Looking around, Fu Lu also found a black ghost wandering in the middle school teaching building, near the playground . It was level four – lyrical woman in red . Haunted in the underground of the old city, a nocturnal ghost liked to eat human flesh with level 3 – the zombies of the Republic of China . Hidden in the hospital gynecological center, a blue ghost looked like a meat group and seeking its mother with level 3 – aborted baby . As for the Strange Talks, though their levels weren’t shown like the ghosts on the map, they’re also scattered everywhere . The five in the barren mountain, the eight geeks of the Ghost School, the suicide in the library of university, the cursed camera film, the midnight mirror . With the insanely scary BGM, Fu Lu was very terrified as he browsed them, but he’s also eager to try . He wanted to explore and unravel the truth as a player . Thinking of this, Fu Lu decisively created a character using this place as his birthplace right away . Soon, an expressionless young man dressed in shroud was born in this area . Level: 0 Identity: Apprentice Experience: 0/10 Occupation: Less than 10, no occupation Practice / Talent / Supernatural / – No Professional skills: Gray Props: No Pet servant: No Money: 0 Qi: 30 Yin: 10 Fatigue: 300 (Whenever you kill or liberate a ghost, the fatigue is reduced by one . When challenging Strange Talks, whether successful or not, the fatigue is reduced by 30 . Whenever the player dies, the fatigue is reduced by 5 . ) 【Fatigue is refreshed every day . Players can also get a small amount of energy from the spoils by killing ghosts, solving Strange Talks, and etc . , to use to replenish fatigue . 】 Birthplace: Jing’an District, Magic City Rejecting the novice training again, he chose to skip . Fu Lu controlled the character with his fingers, and start to walk toward his favorite talk -【The five in the barren mountain】! Along the way, Fu Lu controlled the character across the street, taking a taxi, taking the subway, and then transferring . Like traveling in reality, he arrived at the place where the Strange Talk took place . Clicking on the talk, he spent 30 points of fatigue to enter . Suddenly, his mobile phone screen went dark . At the next moment, a video showed up in front of him . There was a steep mountain . In the woods, there was an empty space . Four tents were placed close to each other . In the center, there was a burning bonfire . Outside the tents, powders such were sprinkled specifically to repel mosquitoes and ants . 【Purple Mountain, thousands of years ago, it’s the ancient battlefield where the officials in Tang Dynasty had a war . No one knows how many innocent souls were buried in this mountain . When the sun is dim, cries of ghosts can be heard . There were even people who claimed to see mice and foxes married . Purple mountain since became doomed...;】 【Legend has it that in order to repel evil spirits, the locals living under the purple mountain constructed a mountain temple on the top of the mountain with the collective investment . They worship the spirits every day . The rituals never stop on the holidays to suppress evil spirits and protect the peace...;】 【Time passes by, the mountain temple has long been abandoned, and all kinds of strange and ridiculous legends are gone...;】 【One day, you and your girlfriend, who you had got along for three years, climbed mountains to enjoy the scenery with three strange netizens, two men and one woman...;】 【At 4 p . m . , you had reached the peak and set up the tents, ready to enjoy the spectacular sunrise next morning . 】 With the video and texts introduced, Fu Lu had already understood what identity he was in the Strange Talk . At the same time, all the conditions to pass had been given . 【One, survive the sunrise at 6 a . m . 】 【Two, accurately identify the number of non-persons in the team . 】 【Three, complete a dance to worship spirits with the length more than 30 minutes in the temple . 】 【Four, figure out who is your most trustworthy person】 Chapter 4 <strong>Chapter 4: Strange Talks</strong>  Judging from the first conditions given by the Strange Talk, it was clear that tonight would be dangerous since the player had to survive until 6 o’clock in the morning at the peak of Purple Mountain . The second condition【identify the number of non-persons in the team】 indicated that someone with bad intent was hidden in the five-person squad! The third and fourth conditions were to complete a dance to worship spirits with the length more than 30 minutes in the temple and to figure out who was your most trustworthy person . No matter how he thought, the role played by the player was definitely dangerous...; Fu Lu only felt very excited at this moment, and he couldn’t wait to know the hidden truth of the Strange Talk immediately . Since it was a first-person game, he began to observe the situation of the campsite . Except him and his long-haired girlfriend, Yang Xiaoyu, who he had been in love with for three years, the appearance of other two men and one woman peers were as follows: Wu Hao, the graduate who wore glasses, looked gentle, and stuttered . Zhang Yanan, a middle-aged man who looked serious and always held a black umbrella . Liu Meng, a beautiful young lady who kept gossiping all the way . Looking through the screen of the mobile phone, every NPC was vividly dressed, and the scenery looked real . Even some minor things, such as the sunset near dusk in the sky looked extraordinarily real! “I really found a treasure, a mobile game had better displays than other 3A masterpieces . ” Fu Lu was surprised and happy . He continued to observe the surrounding . On his left was a dense and desolate forest, filled with a variety of vine bushes . According to the background of the game, they had to rely on sickles and canes to climb the mountain . On his right was the narrow muddy road leading to the top of the mountain . The ruins of the mountain temple that had been abandoned for many years were at the end of the narrow road, and the broken walls were everywhere . Fu Lu controlled of the characters all the way to the ruins of the mountain temple . On the incomplete walls of the temple, he could see a variety of colored murals . Fu Lu looked at them, and finished about one-third of the murals . He found that the ancients had a mask of fierce faces and danced around the bonfire . At the same time, the sky was getting darker in the game . Fu Lu heard a shout in the camp about 100 meters below . “Time for dinner, come back . ” In a blink of an eye, the game story officially started, and four options showed up . Option one, you don’t hesitate to answer loudly and return to campsite as fast as you can . Option two, you euphemistically refused, saying that you have to wait a moment in the ruins of the mountain temple to read all the large murals that you have not yet understood . At this time, it’s completely dark, the only light source on top of the mountain was the mobile phone you carry with you . Option three, you are just about to return to the campsite . Behind the secluded ruins of the mountain temple, there’s suddenly strange laughter . You immediately turn the light on the mobile phone to the maximum and check it with alert . Option four, customize your current action . (Please customize it within ten seconds, otherwise it will be considered as option one . ) “Option one seems safe, but I won’t be able to find any clues . Option two doesn’t seems dangerous . ” “Option three is simply to suicide . Staying alone at the top of the mountain ruins with a phone to check the source of the strange sound...; Isn’t this the classic death scene in the horror films?” “Customize? It’s really confusing . ” Fu Lu thought that he couldn’t go back without clues . In the pursuit of stability, he chose option two . Ding! Before Fu Lu controlled the character, strange laughter sounded behind him, and the screen of his mobile phone turned bloody red . After three seconds, the system interface popped up . “Unfortunately, you have been attacked and killed . ” “You have not yet reached 25% of the opponent’s overall strength, so you cannot get the basic information of the opponent . You will automatically exit the current talk after twenty seconds . Click here to exit the system interface immediately . ” “You haven’t got any treasure chests or rewards in this Strange Talk . ” “Damn...; I haven’t found any clues yet . Why did I die? No reason?” Unwilling to fail like this, Fu Lu chose to enter the talk once again . He used 30 points of the fatigue value and entered smoothly . Fu Lu triggered the options before . This time he learned, he chose option one directly and returned to the campsite as quickly as possible . Going back to the campsite safely, he had dinner with other four people in front of the bonfire, then he chatted with them . As the sky became darker, they returned their tents to rest . Fu Lu also entered the tent with his long-haired girlfriend Yang Xiaoyu, and each rested in a sleeping bag . The time in the game was accelerated . At midnight, he woke up and suddenly found that his girlfriend had disappeared . He turned on the light of his mobile phone, seeing a figure standing outside the tent . The plot of the game was therefore triggered . Option one, you think that your girlfriend Yang Xiaoyu went out to the toilet . Now she just came back . You immediately went out . Option two, you whisper the name of your girlfriend to confirm whether the figure outside the tent was her or not . Option three, you’re terrified . You recall that the local guide refused to enter the mountain and told you the most horrible legend of Purple Mountain – the mountain god is actually a mountain ghost . You quickly turn off the mobile phone light and pretend to sleep . Option four, customize your current action . (Please customize within ten seconds, otherwise it will be considered as option one . ) “I will not be fooled this time . There is only one way to live . I must choose option three!” Fu Lu laughed and decisively chose option three . However, at the next moment, the figure outside the tent rushed in . In an instant, his mobile phone screen turned red . “Unfortunately, you’re already dead . ” “What? Did I choose wrong?” Angrily scratching his head, Fu Lu couldn’t understand . Fu Lu entered the talk again and spent 30 points of fatigue . He came back to this four-option interface again . Knowing that option three would lead him into a dead end . Also, he knew that the figure outside the tent rushed in to kill him last time . Hence, obviously option one – leave the tent and face her would also extremely dangerous . As for customized option, he felt that there were too few known clues, so he didn’t think about it . Holding an open attitude, he chose option two . ——【whisper the name of your girlfriend to confirm whether the figure outside the tent was her or not】 . He’s surprised! On the screen, the figure outside the tent actually began to tremble . After a few seconds, the figure quickly left . “What?” Fu Lu was stunned . Half an hour had passed in the game interface . Suddenly, the tent was destroyed by external forces . Wu Hao and Liu Meng both rushed in and told him an extremely horrifying news: his long-haired girlfriend Yang Xiaoyu was not a human . The heart of the gloomy man Zhang Yanan, who kept holding a black umbrella, was eaten by Yang Xiaoyu! Now Yang Xiaoyu was still chasing Wu Hao and Liu Meng, who knew her secrets . They had the chance to survive only if they escaped into the temple . Just then, his long-haired girlfriend in a white sportswear, Yang Xiaoyu, rushed over from the bottom of the mountain and screamed at him . She claimed that Wu Hao and Liu Meng were ghosts, so he should leave them quickly . Seeing Yang Xiaoyu rushing over, Wu Hao and Liu Meng were so scared that they couldn’t wait to rush to the ruins of the mountain temple on the top of the mountain . When Fu Lu came out of his trance . Zhang Yanan, who had a pale face and bandages tied to his chest, and, still holding a black umbrella, showed up out of nowhere . He grabbed Fu Lu’s wrist and began to run down the mountain . While running, Zhang Yanan also explained . “Cousin, wake up! We don’t have netizens?” “Before entering Purple Mountain, it was only you and me . They are not humans . Run, this is the only way to survive!” “If you don’t believe what I said, check contact history . Only I have called you!” In an instant, new options appeared on the screen . Option one, believe what Zhang Yanan said and followed him to the foot of Purple Mountain . Option two, leave Zhang Yanan and sprint back to meet up with your long-haired girlfriend Yang Xiaoyu . Option three, lie to Zhang Yanan that you cannot run anymore and need some rest . Take the opportunity to go around the road and go to the top of the mountain temple quietly . Option four, customize your current action . (Please customize within ten seconds, otherwise it will be considered as option one . ) Fu Lu was completely confused now . Who should I trust? He chose option one . On the screen, the character followed Zhang Yanan for a minute and finally ended up in a jungle . “Thank you for trusting me so much . ” He smiled and turned around . On the screen, Zhang Yanan grew a horrible canine tooth and bit him unceremoniously . Fu Lu wanted to escape, but the character was caught up quickly . The scarlet blood color once again filled every inch of the screen . “Unfortunately, you’re already dead . ” “Ah! How can it be so difficult?” Annoyed and angered, he exited the game interface . He still wanted to continue to try this Strange Talk . But a pop-up system prompt completely dispelled his thoughts . 【Each player only has three chances to enter the same Strange Talk in one day . 】Only three times in one day? How sad! I really want to know the follow-up fact of this Strange Talk! He had already realized the charm of this mobile game, and really didn’t want to give up . “Wait a minute, there may be other players who have played this copy posting the tips!” “I should search it . If there’s none, I should ask!” Looking at the ghost forum on the top of the screen, Fu Lu was suddenly surprised . Ghost Forum: Currently 4,891 players online . The total number of posts if 19,703 . “There are so many players in the forum? This mobile game is really popular . ” Slightly surprised, Fu Lu remembered that when he downloaded the game, the game had only been released for less than three days! Looking down, he found a large number of posts asking for teammates and trades . “Level-11 assassin asks for two teammates to the Strange Talk of the haunted house . Location: High Street, Hong Kong!” “Level-11 mage wants to buy a long-range spell book . It must be a fire-element spell . The price is negotiable . ” “Level-13 Fighter looks for seven teammates to challenge the level-4 black monster – Ming dynasty corpse . Location: Yibin City, Sichuan Province . Already found six . Need one more person!” “Ask for energy pills used to restore the fatigue value with WeChat cash . No matter what the quality is, I want to have them all!! Nickname: Mouse in the City!” “Looking for a powerful brother to help me with the Strange Talk – 7-day . We can chat first . Location: Baohe District, Hefei City, Anhui Province!” “Selling powerful servant – third-order Yin soldier . He has three talents and spells【Hide】,【Frenzy Soul】,【Arrows】 . The buyer must bring a second-job underworld skill to exchange . Any type will be fine!” Chapter 5 Chapter 5: First Fudge Project He continued to scroll down to see the post . There were trade posts, team posts, and ‘looking for brothers and sisters’ posts...; There was no guide post at all, which made him speechless . “The game forum seems to be popular, but how can there be no guide post? No way, now I can only post an article for help . ” He was no longer hesitant . “How to pass【The five in the barren mountain】?” After typing the title, Fu Lu continued to describe what he encountered . After a while, there were more than a dozen responses . “A level-0 rookie challenges the copy alone? How brave!” “You’re killing yourself! You have no level and equipment . Your health points should be less than fifty, right? An attack of a ghost can kill you, and you have no power to fight back . I advise you to level up and then challenge it . ” “Hey, you’ve tried the same copy three times . I think you must have spent 110 points of fatigue, right? Are you stupid?” “Rookie, I was as ignorant as you are, two days ago . You must transfer to a new job at level ten before trying the Strange Talks . Otherwise, unless you’re super brilliant or super lucky, you never pass a copy without dying!” “You must have not started the novice guide mission . This mission can help you reach level five, and it will randomly give you three treasure chests of varying quality . ” Fu Lu browsed the information and felt a little stunned . After transferring a new job at level 10, the player’s various attributes would soar, so that you would have the power to challenge it . Challenging without levels like him would simply be in vain . Fu Lu continued the game, found out the novice guide he previously skipped, and started to do it step by step . He then understood the player’s apprenticeship mainline assessment missions, the color of ghosts, how to spend the money to buy their own needs, the player’s independent trading system, the actual fights against ghosts, and three transfer careers of apprentices – fighters, mages, and assassins . Unconsciously, Fu Lu was completely immersed in and followed the rhythm of the game . Even after he reached level five and the novice guide disappeared, he still spent the fatigue value like he used to, killing ghosts and doing missions . “Fu Lu, the professor will have a roll call, we should go!” Nearly 2 p . m . , several roommates called him in the hallway . But no one could think of that Fu Lu, who never skipped class, would turn a deaf ear to them and kept looking at the screen of his mobile phone . A few roommates shouted several times in a row, but they only got a weak response . “Leave me alone . ” Obviously, Fu Lu already couldn’t stop it . Even if the professor had a roll call, it was difficult for him to let go of his phone . Time passed . Due to the deliberate arrangement of Hu Feng behind the scenes, each player’s fatigue value was used very quickly, but the store never provided any products to restore fatigue value . The only thing that allowed players to kill a few more ghosts and try one Strange Talk was the energy pill . It only dropped after killing high-level ghosts or appeared randomly in the treasure chest of the Strange Talks . The chance was slim . Hu Feng sometimes even thought that if he posted the dropping rate in the forum as a moderator, the players would become really crazy . It was even more likely to win a million lottery! In addition, Fu Lu spent 90 points before knowing it . After a while, Fu Lu, who tried his best to eliminate the ghosts, found that a prompt popped up on the mobile phone screen . “I am very sorry, you’ve run out of your fatigue value . You’re unable to attack or enter the Strange Talk . Please restore the fatigue value . ” “System prompt: the player’s daily fatigue value of 300 will be refreshed at 12 a . m . every day . ” Fu Lu was crazy . The prompt really made him uncomfortable as he was now immersed into it! “This must be a conspiracy of the game developer . There must be props to restore the fatigue value in the shop!” Although he already knew it, he still couldn’t help but choose to pay for it . Fu Lu paid for thirty gold coins and entered the shop right away . However . “What the hell?” What shocked Fu Lu appeared . Looking around, the number of goods in the shop was so small – nickname rename card, forum post color change card, and forum rename card . After playing games for so many years, he had never seen such a simple shop! There was no item that would exchange money or the props he needed most, to restore fatigue at the moment! “Damn, do the game developers really want to make money?” “Two rename cards and a color card . Who should I do with these three cards? I want to spend money to buy something, but there’s nothing at all!” Fu Lu suddenly thought of the trade post he saw before in the Ghost Forum . It seemed that someone was collecting medicine used to recover the fatigue value . I should also buy them! He thought . Fu Lu directly posted in the forum . However, Fu Lu wasn’t the only player who lacked fatigue values . Even if he asked to buy with WeChat cash, he couldn’t receive any request . “Damn! There are still eight hours before midnight, it’s too hard!” It was 4 o’clock in the afternoon, and he felt like it was forever . Behind the scene, Hu Feng home at this moment was looking at the number of gamers reaching 50,000 . He began to follow up on his own design . He wanted to let single-digit players trigger the hidden NPCs, make ghosts in the mobile game come into reality, and appear in front of the players . He convinced tens of thousands of players that this mobile game was very weird with those who encountered ghosts, and made ghosts in the game come to reality! After several days of scrutiny, Hu Feng had already thought about it all . “A single player encountering ghosts is not enough to shake the entire mobile game, making all players believe that there are ghosts in the world...; But if the police, the Internet and other news media are involved, making the situation more complicated, it will be the time when I collect tons of fudge values!” Hu Feng sneered . “Archimedes said ‘Give me a fulcrum and I shall move the world . ’ Then I say, give me a player who encountered ghosts and I shall prove that ghosts exist!” “System, from the players online, give me those who choose the birthplace in the game as Magic City . ” “At the same time, detect those death case which are recently involved with ghosts in reality . ” “If the birthplace of the players encountering ghosts is identical to where the death case which took place in Shanghai in reality, isn’t it easier for people to fall into the horror speculation!” Closing his eyes, massive information collected by the system flashed through in his mind . Soon, two of them caught his attention . 【Freshman Fu Lu in Jing’an District is highly obsessed with mobile games, but suffers from lacking fatigue values】 【In Jing’an District, the scary rumor of XX Middle School’s blood / love letter, it was rumored that a girl who broke up was killed】 It’s perfect for me! Hu Feng happily planned his own fudge script . “Guide Fu Lu in various ways to find the hidden NPCs in the mobile game – and tell him the strange story of blood / love letters . ” “Use the remaining fudge values to create a figurative blood / love letter and female ghost . I will control them to walk into reality to entangle and intimidate Fu Lu . ” “Force Fu Lu to seek police protection, so that the police can intervene in this mobile game . With the help of the country, make the remaining tens of thousands of players know that ghosts really exist . When they are panicking, I will take the opportunity to harvest lots of fudge values!” Chapter 6 Chapter 6: Easter Eggs? When Fu Lu was extremely upset, a prominent color-changing title on the Ghost Forum attracted him . 【Top secret! Hidden NPC in black cloak . You can get unlimited fatigue! 】 Really? With years of experience with forums, Fu Lu suspected that it was another hype . But the obsession with the game made him click it . The post’s author not only put multiple HD pictures of max fatigue on the front page, but also explained how to trigger the Easter eggs in detail, in order to prove the authenticity . With the section of introduction, Fu Lu understood it thoroughly . It turned out that the author met a mysterious geek wearing a black cloak at his birthplace . The other party was not only immune to all physical and magical attacks, but also asked him whether he believed that ghosts existed in the world or not . Two options popped up on the mobile screen -【Believe】and【Do not believe】 . At that time, the author thought that he had triggered a random mission, so he immediately chose ‘believe’ . However, he mistakenly chose ‘do not believe’ . As a result, the mysterious geek in black cloak smirked and took out ten bloody books made of human skin, letting him randomly draw one . At that time, the author drew a story book which recorded a man who suspected his wife had an affair with their neighbor, so he cruelly murdered his wife, his child, and his neighbor . After reading this book, two bizarre permanent buffs immediately popped up on his attribute panel . One was【Increase the chance of ghost haunting by 100%】, and the other was【Max fatigue value】 . The author speculated that the geek in black cloak would appear randomly near the birthplace of the player . Ten books made with human skin probably indicated that only the first ten people encountering him would gain the permanent buff with unlimited fatigue value . Therefore, players reading the post better patrol the map of their birthplace and strived to encounter the geek in black cloak . Once the ten books were drawn, the others would have no chance . “Really? How can a mobile game company make such an Easter egg? It’s so unfair!” “Thanks, I will try it at my birthplace right away . ” “Wow! No way . I saw the geek the day before yesterday, but I thought he was just a wandering neutral ghost . I didn’t look at him carefully before going for the copy...;” “The guy who bypassed him lost the chance to win a billion . LOL!” “100% fake . Don’t believe him!” Originally a large number of players suffered from lack of fatigue, and now it became bustling in the forum after someone claimed to find Easter eggs with unlimited fatigue value . In less than a few minutes, the originally eye-catching color-changing post became popular with several hundred replies . Fu Lu, who was doubtful, then read the replies below . In the 295th reply, there were suddenly screenshots of a player who showed off that he encountered the geek in black cloak near his birthplace . He followed the instruction and chose【Do not believe】 . Then he really received a book made with human skin from him and read a horror story completely different from the author’s . This lucky player also uploaded the screenshots – on his character status, there were two eye-catching permanent buffs . They were 【Increase the chance of ghost haunting by 100%】and【Max fatigue value】as the author mentioned! This player also claimed that there were only eight books left after he drew it! This heated up the entire forum! With his reply, a large number of players in the forum were overjoyed . Many players were excited and desperately posting, to claim to take the remaining eight books for the permanent buff with unlimited fatigue value . Affected by this atmosphere, Fu Lu became eager to try . He minimized the Ghost Forum, tried his luck, and controlled the character to wander around his birthplace...; “He swallowed the bait . ” Paying attention to Fu Lu’s move, Hu Feng, the leader behind the scenes, smirked . In fact, the author didn’t exist at all, neither did the lucky player with the 295th reply . All the screenshots and texts were the illusion he designed! All the players that claimed to try, in the Ghost Forum were faked by Hu Feng in order to create an atmosphere deliberately . From beginning to end, Hu Feng had only one purpose – make Fu Lu bite the bait and act in accordance with his script . For example, make Fu Lu believe that he was the lucky one, look for the geek in black cloak, and ‘coincidentally’ encounter him! ...; One minute, five minutes, and thirty minutes passed . Wandering back and forth in Jing’an District of Shanghai, his birthplace, Fu Lu hadn’t found the geek in black cloak yet . “Hmm, this map is so big, and there are even tens of thousands of players...;” Unable to find the target, Fu Lu was slightly frustrated . “How can I be so lucky?” “I am an ordinary person who can’t even win a five-dollar lottery, and now I actually want to compete with tens of thousands of players? I am really stupid!” When he was about to give up, a figure in the lower right corner of the mobile phone screen suddenly attracted Fu Lu . He was even excited and ecstatic . “What? How? It’s so exciting!” . Several roommates happened to return to the dorm . “Are you okay?” “Do you win a lottery?” Shocked by Fu Lu, several roommates could not help but get stunned . With a smile, Fu Lu looked ecstatic . On the screen of the mobile phone, a geek with a ghost mask in black cloak stood still, and his dress was exactly the same as mentioned in the forum . Without hesitation, Fu Lu controlled the character to walk over, which actually triggered the question【Do you believe that ghosts exist in this world? 】 . After choosing【Do not believe】, suddenly the geek in black cloak had a strange smile . The indifferent eyes behind the mask ruthlessly glanced at him . Fu Lu couldn’t help but had goosebumps . His back even sweated! At this moment, his hands were shivering . He couldn’t even hold the thin mobile phone . Although Fu Lu had heard countless ghost stories, seen countless horror movies, and read so many spiritual novels, he had never experienced the so-called fierce looks! He even couldn’t remember what happened next . Being shocked, he saw the geek in black cloak give him the last bloody book made with human skin in his hands and turned it into black smoke . Taking a nap for a few minutes, Fu Lu felt a little warmer, but he was still weak . “Did I catch a cold? It’s a bit uncomfortable . ” It was hard for him to believe that an NPC in a mobile game could shock him with a single glance . He comforted himself picked his phone up . He checked the game character repository . Obviously, he still remembered that he must control the character to read the book in order to get a permanent buff with unlimited fatigue value . 【Bloody/Love Letter】 Opening the repository, and the title of the book showed up . He started to read it . “He is a handsome man . She is a silent and ugly woman . Even with the love/temptation to write a love letter, she cannot recover his fake tenderness . ” “The temptation of friends, the joking bets, the fake cares, the affected approaching, and the ridicule after the truth debunked . ” “The heartbeat that stops, the cold corpse, and the love of a lover . She has been forgotten . ” “No one knows that from this moment, she and the bloody/love letter legend have merged . ” “When the bloody/love letter emerges in the world, her figure will also return . ” Continuing on the follow-up content of the book made with human skin, Fu Lu roughly understood the story . In a middle school in Jing’an District, under the temptation of his friend, a handsome man bet on how much time he spent, so that the ugliest girl in the school would fall in love with him and had sex . He encountered her in the library and started creating contacts step by step . Spending time and energy, it took more than a month to reach the goal . Then, he broke up with her without any politeness . He proudly announced that he had already successfully won the bet . At the beginning, the girl thought that she wasn’t good enough . Hence she sold everything, such as silver headwear, to buy cosmetics and clothes to dress herself . At the same time, she also made a wish in the temple and wrote many love letters to her ex-boyfriend in an attempt to recover the relationship . However, soon, with the spreading of the news of their bet, she thoroughly understood everything . She was desperately frustrated . Late in the night after three days, the teachers and students witnessed a girl with unclear face throwing bloody love letters on the roof of the old school building that had been closed for many years . Her three roommates found out that she had no breath! With the forensic identification, they believed that she died of a heart attack around 72 hours ago . The identification news scared everyone in school because her roommate had been with her for the entire three days . During this period, they not only talked to her and comforted her many times, but also helped her with water and food . If the forensic results were correct, what did they get along with them? Quietly, on the game character status, two permanent buffs were added -【Increase the chance of ghost haunting by 100%】and【Max fatigue value】 . “Finally, I no longer have to worry about the fatigue limit!” When he moved his finger to the screen of the mobile phone, he suddenly noticed that there was a red letter on his desk . He had a bad feeling inexplicably in his mind . He sweated all over his forehead . Picking up the letter, he could clearly see that a red heart pattern was set in the central seal . There was also a slightly scattered rose fragrance . All kinds of features showed that...;this was a love letter! Chapter 7 Chapter 7: Do I like you? His hands were trembling . He opened the seal very nervously . He took out the thin yellowed letter paper . There was only one simple line on it . The handwriting was beautiful, and it was obviously written by a girl . I like you . At the end, there was a fresh bloodstain that hadn’t dried up yet . Sssss! Taking a deep breath, Fu Lu was horrified and dropped the yellow paper on the ground . He was 100% sure that before reading the bloody book, there was no such love letter on his desk! “Do ghosts really exist in this world?” “Or the ghosts in the mobile game have come to reality?” As he came up with this thrilling thought, it became hard to forget . “No, I must have thought too much, or it might be a prank!” Wiping off the sweat on his forehead, Fu Lu saw his roommates staring at their computers . Not only nobody paid attention to him, but they also focused on typing on the keyboard and yelling . “In the middle!” “Focus on this swordsman, kill him!” “Remove! Are you stupid, why are you going home?” Seeing this, Fu Lu feared more and more . No matter how he thought, this love letter didn’t seem like a prank done by his roommates! Considering the geek in black cloak – the scary eyes that frightened people, and the strange permanent buff【Increased the chance of ghost haunting by 100%】on the character status...; Fu Lu believed, that the ghosts in the mobile game came to reality . That’s right, if that’s the case...; Those in the forum encountering the geek in black cloak and drawing the books a few hours earlier than me must have encountered this weird situation in reality! Maybe I can find more information from them and then solve the mystery of receiving a bloody/love letter . Thinking of this, Fu Lu quickly entered the ghost forum with his mobile phone to post . 【Help! The ghosts in the mobile game have come to reality . What should I do?】 He described that he had received the bloody/love letter in the post . He refreshed the post . He couldn’t wait to see others reply, in the first time . After a while . “Stupid! Is it fun? Is it interesting to joke with such a stupid title and story?” “What’s the number of the nearest mental hospital? I can give you a free call . ” “Send money to this account: 8486782, and I will help you . ” No one believed him . All the replies were laughing and joking . Unable to get a valuable reply, and his post couldn’t attract players who had drawn the books . Fu Lu became a bit scared . “I am the tenth player who drew the book . Those nine players should have encountered similar events like me?” “Why don’t they reply to my post? Did they have an accident in reality? Did ghosts attack them?” “Or, these nine people are already dead...;” Fu Lu was almost shocked by his own cranky conclusions . Without any reason, obviously it was five o’clock in the afternoon, even the sun was hanging high in the sky, but Fu Lu felt cold . Especially his arms, he had goosebumps on them . “Calm down, it’s still daytime . Even if ghosts exist, they are impossible to come out . I have to stay calm . ” Watching a lot of horror movies, he knew that staying calm at all times was definitely the key to survive . “First, I should go to the toilet, and then plan in detail how I can save myself . ” Reluctantly calming down, Fu Lu quickly rushed to the end of the hallway . At this moment, Hu Feng, who dominated everything behind the scenes, closed his eyes and paid attention on Fu Lu . In Hu Feng’s mind, the behavior of Fu Lu was shown . He watched everything like God . If he was willing to consume a certain amount of fudge value, he could easily understand what Fu Lu thought, and could also make a slight spiritual suggestion to him...; Observing that he wanted to go to the toilet at the end of the hallway, Hu Feng thought of the female ghost who sent the bloody/love letter before . She began to appear from the invisible state and followed him . “Hey, I’ll threaten you and force you to go to the police!” Like controlling the character in the game, Hu Feng speeded up the action . Walking in the hallway, Fu Lu found lots of students passing by looked at him with a strange and complicated look . In a bedroom of which the door wasn’t closed, there were people who were whispering and pointing at him rudely . What happened? Is there something dirty on my face? Is my fly open? With this confusion, he bowed his head and looked at his dress, but found nothing wrong . He was too lazy to care about it . Fu Lu rushed to the toilet and began to pee . While he was peeing, a familiar voice suddenly came from the corridor . It seemed to be the security on the first floor questioning someone . “Little girl, what are you doing here? It’s the boys’ dormitory, you can’t be here!” “Why do girls come to the boys’ dormitory? It’s ridiculous!” “Where is your boyfriend? Call him out! I want to talk to his counselor!” “A boy taking his girlfriend to the dormitory . Are they going to spend the night? It’s really courageous . ” Fu Lu was shocked in the toilet . After all, the school regulations are very strict . In addition, the security kept patrolling, hence no one had ever succeeded . Washing his hands, Fu Lu came out . However, the security stopped him . “Anything wrong?” Turning around with a little doubt, Fu Lu completely didn’t understand why he was looking for himself . “It’s too ridiculous! Don’t fool me!” The security seemed to be angered . He started criticizing . “How dare you take your girlfriend to the bedroom and let her wait for you in the hallway? Now that I found out, and you have nothing to say? What is the name of your counselor?” “What? I have never had a girlfriend . I’m not the one you wanted to find!” Fu Lu was confused . Looking at his face, the security became more furious . His voice was so loud that it was audible in the entire hallway . “Are you still arguing with me here? Your girlfriend is a petite girl whose hair is so long that it covers her face . She was waiting for you in the hallway . After I blamed her, she went silently into your bedroom . Don’t fool me?” “I don’t know what you are talking about!” Fu Lu felt unlucky since he accidently took blame for other . Hearing the loud noises and Fu Lu’s defending, his roommates who were playing computer games could not help but quickly come out . Quickly understanding the situation from Fu Lu, several roommates helped him . “He’s the wrong guy . We have been living together for almost a year, he has never had a girlfriend!” “This lonely kid has a girlfriend whose hair is so long that it covers her face? And she’s waiting for him outside the bathroom? It’s impossible!” “Are you serious? We have been playing computer games in our room, and we didn’t see any girl coming in at all . ” But the students in other dormitory rooms were dissenting . “The security is right . When he went to the toilet, he was followed by a long-haired girl wearing a school uniform . ” “And they were very close to each other!” “We all have seen it . You still don’t admit it?” The security saw only his roommates helping him, so he became furious . “Okay! You’re all covering for him?” “Well, let me show you the fact!” Rushing to Fu Lu’s room, the security said in confidence . “I saw the girl coming in this six-person dormitory . It’s such a small place . You cannot hide a person here . Let’s find out who’s inside!” Several roommates were more confused . Fu Lu was uncomfortable and panicking because he suddenly thought that one sending the bloody love letter he had received before was 100% a female ghost...; If the security wasn’t lying, then wasn’t there a female ghost waiting for him silently at the door of the toilet? The students in the hallway also saw this long-haired female ghost follow him all the way . It was no wonder that along the way, the students on both sides of the hallway looked at him so complicatedly, and the security was so confident to consider her his girlfriend...; The most crucial point was that this long-haired female ghost was now in his bedroom! “Damn! There is a ghost in the dormitory! Is she waiting for me?” Thinking of this, Fu Lu could not help but feel fearful . He didn’t even care for other people, and rushed to the outside of the dormitory building . At this moment, Fu Lu felt that only under the sun, he could have a sense of peace and security! Behind him, he could still hear the unbelievably loud yelling of the security . “How is it possible?” “I clearly saw that his long-haired girlfriend come in . Why can’t I find anyone?” Hearing this, Fu Lu, at the end of the hallway, ran faster . Chapter 8 Chapter 8: You Haven’t Paid! Running all the way out of the dormitory, he arrived at the school gate . Feeling the warmth of the sunshine, Fu Lu seemed to have a second life . He squatted down and panted . Under extreme fear, he ran so fast . Resting for less than half a minute, he suddenly felt cold on his back, which came up from his spine . ‘She’ is watching me, and she is behind me! This thought frightened Fu Lu . He turned and desperately looked around . On the right, there were students carrying backpack and heading home, the listless security guard, the classroom building hundreds of meters away, and the dormitory building . On the left, there were rows of street trees . On the football field nearby, there were two teams and the audience were shouting . Everything was so ordinary and harmonious . But Fu Lu understood that this kind of plain and peaceful daily life was already gone . If he didn’t save himself in time, he suspected that the sunset above his head would be the last he would be able to see in his life! “Ah!” “Since that is a ghost, then if I go to a Buddhist temple and other religious places, can I get shelter?” Quickly finding a taxi, he opened the map, and rushed to the nearest Buddhist temple . At the same time, Hu Feng, who continued to control the female ghost to keep up with Fu Lu, suddenly received a series of system notifications in his mind . “Fu Lu fears the ghost . Extract spiritual power +1 . ” “Fu Lu believes that the ghost exists in reality . Contribute spiritual power +5 . ” Because spiritual power was equal to fudge value, suddenly the fudge value that Hu Feng had increased from two to eight . “Though Fu Lu is a materialistic college student, he is still convinced by my fudging . It seems that there’s no problem with my fudging script . ” The first battle was successful . Hu Feng was very confident with the implementation of the next fudge script! Now he had eight points of fudge value! In the Buddhist temple which was decorated in retro, there were white walls and black tiles . Spending a thousand dollars to light a fragrant incense to the Buddha and donating more money to the monk, Fu Lu was finally permitted to rest in the wing for one night . The sky was already dark . Standing on the heights of the Buddhist temple, he overlooked the night scenes of Shanghai . The lights were bright, and the neon was gorgeous . “I am in a Buddhist temple . It shouldn’t be possible for a ghost to have the courage to come in . ” Fu Lu let out a sigh of relief, comforted himself . In the next second, the strange feeling of being secretly peeped in the darkness inexplicably rose up again! The gaze was mean, like a python staring at the prey . “She is coming!” His limbs turned stiff and his heart was beating fast . He didn’t dare to stay there . Struggling to push open the door of the wing, he ran out immediately . Fortunately, not long after leaving the temple, Fu Lu found an empty taxi . “Go to the nearest religious site! Fast! Money is not a problem . I don’t want a Buddhist temple!” The taxi immediately went away . In the next several hours, Fu Lu ran all over Shanghai’s Dao temples, Chenghuang temples, and Christian churches . But he couldn’t get rid of feeling of being peeped . What should I do? How can I save myself? What exactly can protect me? Running out from a religious place he found last, he helplessly looked for taxis and thought desperately . Suddenly, he thought of a legend . 【Ghosts are afraid of the wicked】 Maybe, I should find a butcher who kills pigs in the slaughterhouse, and borrow his knife, or pay him to follow me! He was in a hurry, so he couldn’t care how ridiculous his plan was . At this moment, a red taxi stopped by him . Pulling down the window, the driver wearing the hat lowered his voice and said . “Are you going to the nearest slaughterhouse?” Fu Lu was thinking about the same thing . He nodded his head and got on the taxi . The driver stepped on the gas pedal, and the red taxi slowly started . “Son, it’s already 1 a . m . , why do you want to go to the slaughterhouse?” The driver seemed to be very curious . Fu Lu started talking to the driver, hoping to relax his mind . He talked about the strange story he encountered today . The driver listened quietly, and there was only his voice in the taxi . Somehow, the sound of Fu Lu suddenly stopped, and his eyes were widened . He remembered one thing . Before getting on the taxi, he didn’t tell the driver his destination...; But how did the driver accurately say his destination? In this world, is there any taxi driver who can understand where the guests want to go without asking? Fu Lu asked himself . Even a driver with decades of experience couldn’t have this magical power! In the car, the face of Fu Lu became pale, and his intuition told him that he should leave right away . “Stop!” The weird driver silently stopped at the crossroads . The doors opened, the intersection was empty, and the dim traffic lights were flashing . The camera’s faint red light swept through . It was so quiet . Although he didn’t expect the driver to be so obedient to stop, he desperately wanted to leave right away when he had a chance . Jumping off the car, Fu Lu wanted to escape . But a right hand in a leather glove stopped him . “You haven’t paid . ” “How much...;” His nose was sweating, and his voice was trembling . He just wanted to leave quickly . “Not much . ” The driver smiled, and all the disguise on his body disappeared . He became a female ghost with long black hair . Her bangs covered the majority of her face, and the lower half of her body was floating in the air! “Your life . ” Before Fu Lu could react, a slender hand glowing with green light had caught his throat and lifted high above her head . “H-Help!” He struggled hard, but the painful feeling of suffocation was getting worse . Fu Lu already had illusion . He seemed to see relatives who had long passed away for many years . The latter seemed to line up to greet him, and others discussed high housing price problem in his ear...; How could Hu Feng, who had been controlling the female ghost, really take Fu Lu’s life? He still hoped Fu Lu to contact the police, and help him harvest fudge value with national power! “The patrolling police car finally comes . ” Hu Feng, from the perspective of God, looked at the southeast of the crossroads . At the same time, the force that choked Fu Lu’s throat was greatly weakened, and precious oxygen quickly poured into his lungs, saving his life . The sirens of the police car sounded at the crossroads, and the figure of the long-haired female ghost disappeared . Losing bondage, Fu Lu was unconscious . He fell heavily on the ground, and he became sober . “I...; ugh...; I am not dead? Ha...;” The Joy of escaping made him cry and burst into laughter . In the next second, the glaring headlights of the police car shone his face . Two police officers quickly rushed over . “What are you doing? Lying at the crossroads in the middle of the night? Don’t you want to live?” Couldn’t care about the police, Fu Lu hugged the legs of the police and cried . “Comrade, I met a long-haired female ghost!” “She is really not a human being . She is the ghost who came to reality from the mobile game . I almost died in her hands!” Saying, Fu Lu regretfully slapped his own face . He really regretted that he downloaded this mobile game . If he hadn’t downloaded it at the beginning, then nothing would happen tonight . It was even more impossible for a female ghost to chase him! The two police officers looked at each other . “Leader Liu, is this kid on drugs?” “It is possible . Take him back to the bureau for testing!” “Different from the methamphetamine used in the past, the new popular soft drugs such as smoke and happy water on the market have a strong illusory effect as a result of oral overdose . ” Chapter 9 <strong>Chapter 9: Tonight, Make the Police Run</strong>  In the brightly lit Jinshan Police Station, along with the delivery of blood, urine and other body fluids to the laboratory, a data report came out soon . Leader Liu frowned . Officer Wang, who had just returned from the army, couldn’t help but ask . “Leader Liu, is this kid on drugs?” “No...; you can read it yourself . ” After receiving the report, Officer Wang swept over it . He saw blood test, urine test and other tests were normal . There was no abnormality of drug abuse . “Did we make a mistake?” Touching his chin, Leader Liu and Officer Wang quickly came to Fu Lu . Looking at him, Fu Lu’s face was pale and wilting . He really looked like a drug addict . Hearing the footsteps, Fu Lu, who was bored in the interrogation room, immediately raised his head . “Comrades, why don’t you believe me? There was really a ghost! I almost got killed by a female ghost . Look at the scar on my neck . The female ghost choked me!” Leader Liu and Wang were laughing . Taking a mirror, Leader Liu handed it to Fu Lu and said seriously . “Although the test report shows that you are not on drugs, but I think you are a little mentally abnormal!” “Look at yourself, where is the scar?” Slightly raising his head and exposing his neck, Fu Lu looked at the mirror . The mirror perfectly reflected everything . There was no trace of bruising scar on his neck . Huff! Fu Lu was so shocked and took a deep breath . He even got cold feet and almost fell off the seat . Why? Did I dream of the suffocation that I had been choked by the female ghost’s claws? Fu Lu couldn’t accept it, and he shook his head . He suddenly came up with a strong evidence that could prove what he said —— the surveillance camera at the crossroads which were used to capture and monitor the rear of the car! If the machine didn’t fail tonight, then they could confirm the fact that he was chased by the female ghost as long as they watched the video . Fu Lu immediately said . “Comrades, my mental aspect is very normal, but you are too stubborn to believe the facts I said . In fact, if you investigate the surveillance camera at the crossroads, you can see that I was really chased by the ghost!” Leader Liu didn’t refuse . About half an hour later, the surveillance camera record of the intersection where Fu Lu was located had been successfully transmitted through the Public Security Bureau’s intranet . With a tablet, Leader Liu began to play the camera record in front of Fu Lu . At one o’clock in the morning, the road was dark . A red taxi without any license plate number went slowly . Seeing this on the screen, Fu Lu said . “It’s this car! The driver wearing the hat in the car was the female ghost!” Hearing what Fu Lu said, Leader Liu asked the officer to pause and zoom in . When the size of the driver was doubled and the camera resolution increased, the main driver’s seat was more conspicuous . This weird driver wore a black hat and a gray scarf . His hands were wrapped in holsters . His head was hanging low . No parts of his body were exposed . “Can you make the picture clear again and tell the gender of the driver?” The police officer who was temporarily transferred here smiled . “Leader Liu, on non-important national highways or the ordinary crossroads of the highway entrance, it is already the highest we can have . ” “Well, let’s continue . ” He unpaused the video and the camera screen started playing . It didn’t take long when the taxi stopped suddenly . The door on both sides were suddenly opened . Fu Lu quickly got off the taxi and ran to the back . Fu Lu was still frightened . “I felt that the driver was weird at that time, so I asked him to stop . ” Leader Liu and others were quiet . They stared at the driver’s seat without blinking their eyes . The screen flashed, and the weird driver already reached out to stop Fu Lu . “At that time, the driver pretended to ask me to pay, but he then choked my neck . I almost suffocated on the spot!” In view of the lack of sound on the screen, Fu Lu felt that he had to explain to the policemen . However, no one answered him . The pupils of Leader Liu team and others had widened to the limit . Everyone looked so shocked . They opened their mouths widely but couldn’t say anything . They clearly saw that the driver was still sitting in the driver’s seat before, but he instantly came to the front of Fu Lu, who was 50 meters away! Even Usain Bolt, who held 100-meter sprint record, took 9 . 58 seconds to run 100 meters . The driver seemed to move 50 meters with ease...; Was he really a human? Rubbing his eyes, Leader Liu once again paused the screen and turned to remind the police officers around . “Slow down the driver’s movement a hundred times!” “I will try...;” For a while, the driver’s movements that slowed down to the limit were finally presented in front of everyone . Slightly stepping out one foot, the weird driver floated to the front of Fu Lu at high speed . “Ghost...; He is really not a human...; He is really a ghost!” “Oh my God, Leader Liu, we really saw a ghost!” “It was the video at 1 a . m...; It is 3:40 in the morning . Two hours ago, there was a ghost driving a taxi at the crossroads . We used to patrol there, it is too scary!” Different from the panicking police officers, Leader Liu looked calm and took out a cigarette from his pocket . But holding the lighter, his trembling hands couldn’t ignite the cigarette for a long time, which showed that he was really anxious . The surveillance camera video continued . At the next moment, the driver has disappeared in the screen . But Fu Lu seemed as if choked by someone and was lifted up by an invisible person . Fu Lu, an adult man, was floating in the air without any resistance . His face was red and uncomfortable due to lack of oxygen . There were obvious blue-and-white dents on his neck . All kinds of traces indicated that he would soon suffocate and die! But very fast, with the patrolling police car approaching, he fell heavily to the ground, and the invisible person seemed to have disappeared . “This is it! Comrades, have you seen it? All I said is true . I was really chased by a female ghost!” Fu Lu added . “I think that maybe the siren, when you arrived scared the female ghost away . Otherwise, I might have died!” Fu Lu’s heart beat fast . He still seemed a bit scared now . At this point, all the camera video had been played . Leader Liu lowered his head silently . He seemed to be thinking about this shocking video and considering what to do . “This case is not something we can deal with . We should immediately report to the superiors . ” Annihilating the cigarettes that he finally ignited, Leader Liu decisively reported it with the public security internal telephone . There were the victim and the high-definition surveillance camera captured the ghost . With the report of this spiritual murder attempt, if many people believed, no one would consider that ghosts didn’t exist . Tonight, no Shanghai policemen could sleep! At the same time, Hu Feng, who was thousands of miles away, also received many system notifications . “In Shanghai Jinshan District Police Station, Leader Liu and other five police officers contributed spiritual power +14 . ” “Shanghai Jinshan District Public Security Bureau Director Liu and other 16 police officers contributed spiritual power +58 . ” Then almost every half hour, there were people of different identities contributing him spiritual power . Hu Feng roughly estimated that he gained at least three or four hundred mental strengths tonight . That is to say, he gained more than three or four hundred points of fudge value! Compared to yesterday, he only had eight points, he simply made a great deal! “Sure enough, I made the right move . ” To sort everything that happened tonight, Hu Feng learned valuable lessons from it . “If convincing a single ordinary person that ghosts exist in the world, even if I succeed, it will be worth three or five points . If I want to fudge other people, I have to start from scratch, and it is a waste of time and energy . ” “But when I do the tricks in front of national machine, it will be highly valued!” “Since ancient times, it has worked!” “My future plan should be to give priority to the national level, from top to bottom, and silently fudge everyone . ” Making a conclusion in his mind, Hu Feng decided to continue to act according to the original plan, which was to make tens of thousands of mobile game players actively believe that ghosts really exist in the world with national machine propaganda and mobilization power . As a result, he wanted to gain a large amount of fudge value . “Ha, it’s really easy for me to be behind the scenes . ” “Start it with extraordinary power, and then the national machine will do all the dirty work . In the end, I can harvest tons of spiritual power, which will be transformed to fudge value . ” Chapter 10 <strong>Chapter 10: We Have Enough Red Bull Drinks</strong>  At 5 a . m . In Magic City Municipal Public Security Bureau . In a large conference room, the secretary of the Magic City Party sat at the center . Other positions were occupied by the leaders of the Political Department, the Criminal Investigation Department, the Department of Public Security, the Ministry of Internal Security, the Ministry of Legal Affairs, the Network Supervision and Police Department, the Discipline Inspection and Supervision Department, the Fire Department, and the Security Department . They were all silent . With the projectors, the video of the female ghost was played . The direct victim, Fu Lu, as well as the first founders, Leader Liu and other policemen, were all waiting in the reception room of the Public Security Bureau . “I really want to have a good night’s sleep . ” Drinking coffee, Fu Lu was very sleepy . Escaping from the dormitory and staying awake for more than ten hours, Fu Lu was kept being questioned by the police . Even if he was such an energetic university student, he couldn’t handle this . However, before Fu Lu came here, many police officers reminded him that the secretary of the municipal party committee might directly ask him about the spiritual case . So even if he wanted to sleep, he could only endure it . After ten minutes, a well-dressed male secretary came out and signaled Fu Lu to follow him . “Please, the secretary of the municipal party committee wants to see you . ” In the meeting room, there was already a seat for him . Guided by the secretary, Fu Lu sat next to the Secretary of the municipal party committee . Looking at him, Fu Lu found out that the Secretary of the municipal party committee was a slightly fat middle-aged man with glasses . He looked nothing special . Greeting the Secretary of the municipal party committee, Fu Lu was a bit overwhelmed and nervous under the gaze of the dozens of people in the conference room . “Fu Lu, you don’t have to be so nervous . We asked you to be here because we want to know all the details and causes of the case . ” “Okay . ” Fu Lu had already expected this . If they didn’t want to know the causes and results of the case, how would they find him? Slightly sorting out thoughts, Fu Lu explained what happened to him . “At noon yesterday, I was resting in the bedroom as usual . But a novel mobile game called ‘Ghost Gate’ attracted my attention . ” “Out of curiosity, I downloaded it for trial...;” Without concealment, Fu Lu told them that he was indulged in mobile games, that he saw a post considering unlimited fatigue in the forum, that he encountered the hidden NPC and received the last book made of human skin, that he read the ghost story, and that the long-haired female ghost in the ghost story came to the reality . Listening quietly, the secretary of the municipal party committee suddenly asked him . “With your thoughts, you insist that the ghosts in the mobile game data code came to reality to chase you, right?” A bit stunned, Fu Lu replied . “I really think so . ” “Well, please take a look at this file . ” Taking out one of the documents in front of him, the secretary of the municipal party committee pushed directly to him . Reading only a few lines, Fu Lu had sweated all over his back, and his heart started beating extremely fast! This turned out to be a file about the bizarre death of the girl in Jing’an District XX Middle School many years ago . Looking closely at the photo of the deceased, she even looked exactly the same as long-haired female ghost who chased him tonight! “Fu Lu, according to the story of the ghost book you described, the public security department found a highly similar story from the past files . ” Knocking at the conference table, the secretary of the municipal party stared at him . “So, I don’t think the ghosts in the mobile game would come to the reality to chase you . ” Fu Lu was overwhelmed . “That is to say, the long-haired female ghost who chased me is a real thing in reality?” “But in this way, the female ghost appeared since many years ago . Why didn’t she mess around in the past, but came to entangle me today? I have never been to XX Middle School!” In the face of his doubts, the secretary of the municipal party committee smiled . “Captain Zhou from the Criminal Investigation Corps can answer this question . ” “Zhou Qijia, the Criminal Investigation Corps of the Public Security Department of Shanghai, reports to the secretary of the municipal party committee!” Hearing his name was mentioned, the captain stood up and saluted . He quickly walked over and explained . “According to the analyses of Criminal Investigation Corps, the female ghost who kept chasing you tonight is actually not malicious to you . She just wanted to kill you . ” Fu Lu got more confused . “Captain Zhou, are you kidding? I was almost killed? And she was not malicious to me?” Frowning, Captain Zhou asked him . “Fu Lu, when did you encounter ghost for the first time? When was the last time you noticed that there were ghosts around you? Can you answer me?” “About 4 or 5 o’clock yesterday afternoon, I found out that there was a bloody love letter on my desk . ; the last time I saw a ghost was about 1 o’clock this morning . ” Fu Lu recalled . With a calm smile, Captain Zhou continued to elaborate . “According to the various details you mentioned, we analyzed that this female ghost should have instantaneous movements, stealth, lurking shadows, and other super powers . ” “From 5 p . m . yesterday to 1 a . m . this morning, for more than eight hours, the long-haired female ghost with such incredible ability was always near you...;” “Speaking frankly, if she wasn’t playing with you, you might have become an unknown corpse . Your body would rot and would smell according to the police . ” “Yes, Captain Zhou analyzed very well . ” Pushing the glasses, the party secretary also nodded his head . “Think about it . Last night, the long-haired female ghost pretended to be a driver to play with you . Until you escaped from the car, she showed you her true face . If she was a bit malicious to you, I am afraid that you would have already suffocated . ” “Well...; even if she is not malicious to me, but her ultimate goal is to kill me!” Fu Lu didn’t know what to say . “As for your question, after we asked many Chinese folk customs and culture experts for help, we can speculate that...;” Captain Zhou helped Fu Lu sort out the cause and effect . “The girl that passed away many years ago didn’t have any ability at first . ” “But after the emergence of mobile game ‘Ghost Gate’, her strength became stronger and stronger . Until yesterday afternoon, she began to interfere with reality as a dead soul . ” The secretary said . “Fu Lu, the reason why you got chased by her was because you obtained the last book made of human skin from the hidden NPC in ‘Ghost Gate’, which records her story of death . Killing you is the invisible instruction given to her by ‘Ghost Gate’!” “Tonight, the case seemed be an unprecedented case of out country . ” “But deep inside, there is a hidden hotbed of all kinds of sorrows and ghosts – the mobile game ‘Ghost Gate’!” Saying, the Shanghai party secretary solemnly stood up, and he raised his tone . “In order to effectively protect the lives and property of the people, the public security officers headed by the captain Zhou must destroy this bad hotbed in the shortest time . Do you have confidence?” “Yes!” They answered loudly . “Let’s go!” The door opened, and a large number of people who participated in the conference came out . In the crowd, Fu Lu also wanted to leave and find a place to rest . But before he went far, a pair of strong and powerful hands grabbed him . Looking up, it was Captain Zhou . “Finally, I find you!” “As the direct victim, you definitely understand the ‘Ghost Gate’ more than us . Criminal Investigation Corps needs you now . ” “Captain Zhou, I didn’t sleep last night, I really want to sleep now!” Captain Zhou nodded very seriously . “It turned out to be a small matter . Criminal Investigation Corps has enough Red Bulls . You can drink as much as you want . ” “If it’s not enough, I will inform the cafeteria to cook ginseng chicken soup for you . ” “Now your most important thing is to work on the case with Criminal Investigation Corps!” “Let’s go . ” Before Fu Lu could say anything, he had been taken away . Chapter 11 <strong>Chapter 11: Helpless Network Supervision Police Department</strong>  In Criminal Investigation Corps office building, after being endorsed by the Secretary of the municipal party committee, Captain Zhou now had the privilege to command a flat unit . “Network supervision police department?” “I am Zhou Qijia from the first squad of the Criminal Investigation Corps . I hope that you can assist in a psychic case that jeopardized us tonight . Close the server of ‘Ghost Gate’ . Provide us with all players’ IP address, real identity, mobile phone number and other information . ” “Yes, as fast as you can . We are now fighting against time and ghosts!” After issuing the order through the public security network, Captain Zhou subconsciously looked at Fu Lu, who was eating noodles . “Fu Lu, you once said that you drew the last book made of human skin from the hidden NPC at the meeting...;” Captain Zhou walked over quickly . “Do you still remember how many books are there in total? I am very skeptical that you aren’t the first victim of this case!” “In other words, I think this is the killing sequence of the ‘Ghost Gate’! Whoever draws the book, will be killed by the evil spirits released by the game!” Hearing what the captain said seriously, Fu Lu became nervous . “I remember that the hidden NPC had a total of ten books . ” “I saw the number ten in the forum from the post written by a player who first encountered a hidden NPC . ” “Do you know what the nickname of the first player who drew the book is?” Captain Zhou was overjoyed since he found the first victim . This should be a helpful clue! However, Fu Lu’s answer disappointed him . “How can I remember? I only remember that the title of the post was related to Easter Eggs with unlimited fatigue . ” “Well, then there’s no way, we can only pin our hope on the network department . Hope they can collect the information of all players . ” Captain Zhou sighed . At the same time, in the network supervision department, dozens of network police looked very anxious . They stared at the screens silently . When they found the information about the company publishing ‘Ghost Gate’ from the mobile game list, they sent people to the site to shut down the server and tried to block the mobile game on the Internet, so that players couldn’t continue to see or download . But something incredible happened! No matter if it was Internet access restrictions or Trojan code attacks...;everything seemed to remain still, and couldn’t be attacked . From the beginning to the end, Ghost Gate still stayed on the leaderboard and was indifferent to all data attacks . Time passed by . “What are you waiting for? It has been almost 30 minutes . Can’t you handle a mobile game? Are all of you standing in a daze?” After receiving a few calls from the team leader, the head of the network police department came over angrily . “Director, we are dealing with it! It’s too incredible!” The chiefs of several major network police groups explained . “’Ghost Gate’ seemed as if it has never been on the Internet at all . We have tried all the means, but all in vain!” “Director, you know our skill! Even if we attack the firewall of the US Department of Defense, they have to defend and counterattack with computing resources . It’s never impossible to keep quiet, right?” Pointing at the mobile game icon on the computer screen, a section chief’s face looked like he couldn’t believe it . “However, ...; I suspect it is not composed of data streams with 0s and 1s at all, it is a ghost of immaterial existence!” “Director, please look . There is something more incredible!” Someone first turned on the computer and showed up the page of the leaderboard . Then, they moved the screenshot of the mobile game rankings sent by the Zhejiang network police department to the side . Then they changed the computer login IP address to Inner Mongolia, and then opened the mobile game leaderboard page . They put three web pages together . “This first webpage is the national mobile game leaderboard in Shanghai, and the ‘Ghost Gate’ ranks number one . ” “The second screenshot page is the national mobile game leaderboard of the Zhejiang network police department, Royal of Kings ranks number one . ” “The last page is the product that Shanghai network police department deliberately modifies the computer IP address . On the national mobile game leaderboard, ‘Ghost Gate’ still ranks number one!” “This...;” The director was also deeply shocked at the moment . His eyes looked stunned . “According to our inference, only players in Shanghai can see and download ‘Ghost Gate’ . ” “In short, we initially think that it has some intelligence, and the scope of hunting should be at most as big as Shanghai . ” “After all, assuming that it is really a dead machine, then the third time we should be successful when we logged in with IP from Inner Mongolia . The final result should be the same as the Zhejiang network police department, and we shouldn’t see the ‘Ghost Gate’ . ” Ring! The phone on the desk suddenly rang . The closest policeman picked up the phone and then looked over sadly . “Director, the officers we sent to the scene to check the ‘Ghost Gate’ server called us . They said that the location, it was simply a desolated building, and they couldn’t find any targets . ” The entire network police office suddenly became silent...; In fact, when these Shanghai police officers attacked Ghost Gate with data stream for the first time, Hu Feng had already discovered it . But he didn’t do anything at all . When creating the Ghost Gate, Hu Feng had thought about this in advance . He chose to spend the extra fudge value to avoid anyone tracking the source on the data . So now the attacks of the network police department would be simply in vain . Hu Feng, who kept reading religious books to prepare for the fiction of the world’s myths in the future, now thought a Buddhist saying could explain the existence of Ghost Gate . That was,【Not on this shore, not on the other shore, even not in the middle】! “What? You mean that ‘Ghost Gate’ may be alive? And it also regards the whole Shanghai as its hunting ground?” “All players information cannot be found, also its server cannot be invaded...;” “Well, I know . Thank you . ” Hanging up the phone, Captain Zhou looked very disappointed . As for the case that Fu Lu, the mobile game player who was almost killed by the female ghost, Captain Zhou originally considered the crisis of ‘Ghost Gate’, and didn’t want his department to get involved . He hoped that the network police department could provide remote assistance . But now it seemed that he shouldn’t put his faith in the helpless network police department . We can do it ourselves . Not waiting for Captain Zhou to issue orders, Fu Lu, who heard the conversation, felt like he had found some clues at the moment . “Ghost Gate is alive? Does it regard the whole of Shanghai as a hunting ground? That being said, the player who get the books will be its hunting target...;” “So, tens of thousands of players aren’t its reserve prey?” In short, every player situation could be life-threatening at any time? Fu Lu was shocked by his own inference . Quickly coming out of his trance, Fu Lu stood up righteously . At the moment, he felt that he was a superhero fighting the evil forces! He wasn’t fighting alone! He now stood on the same side with Sun Wukong, Altman, and the Spider-Man . He now had endless courage . He became passionate . Fu Lu seemed to see himself shining with morale . Standing up, Fu Lu kept talking about his inference . At first, all the criminal police officers, including Captain Zhou, all thought he was joking . But with his narrative deep . Captain Zhou and others were keenly aware that he was serious . Tens of thousands of mobile game players were indeed at the mercy of life and death without knowing it . If they didn’t care about them, they simply humiliated the term ‘people’s police’ . At the end of the day, Fu Lu raised his right fist and said in confidence . “Captain Zhou, I think it is necessary to guide the tens of thousands of players who are obsessed with this game, out immediately!” “I want to be the pioneer to do this job!” Clap! The applause was heard, and every policemen on the scene was applauding . Huff! Captain Zhou almost cried . He patted the shoulders of Fu Lu . “Young man, is there any interest in transferring to the police school for further study?” Fu Lu never thought that he one day would be able to become a policeman . He was excited and moved . But soon, he forced himself to calm down . Gazing at Captain Zhou, Fu Lu said calmly . “When we solve this case completely, if I am still alive, I am willing to . ” “Then I am waiting to celebrate your police school graduation!” Putting on the police cap, Captain Zhou began to arrange the action plan . Fu Lu also volunteered to join the first vanguard team, being the first to land in Ghost Gate . Chapter 12 <strong>Chapter 12: Alert! The Cyber Cult Disguised as Mobile Game</strong>  In Shanghai suburbs . In an open underground bomb shelter . Series of stuff that could dispel evil spirits in folk customs such as the mahogany sword, the boy’s urine, the black dog blood, the gold coins, the beads, the wooden clapper, the hand-written sutra, and the statue of the gods, were gathered . It could be said that almost everything that can be obtained in a short time was there...; They hung these on the walls and placed these in every corner . Since someone would enter the bomb shelter late, they had to leave enough open space in advance, it was afraid that the caves will be filled with these . The shelter was blocked by thousands of criminal investigation brigades, armed police brigades, explosion-proof police and other officers . Everyone was armed . In addition, from Nanjing Military Region, the Allied Mobile Forces of the 24th Army and the Armed Helicopter Brigade of the 63rd Army were rushing in the name of military exercises, and they were expected to arrive in half a day . There were also many religious people who come from religious places and dressed up differently . They were also preparing on the ground . Among them were the monks wearing yellow-brown plaques and holding rosary beads, Taoist priests wearing blue robe and holding the white whisk, and bishops holding the Bible and wearing silver cross on the chest . In addition to the three famous religion, including Buddhism, Taoism and Christianity, other masters of different costumes were also numerous . “Do these people really have the talents? They look a bunch of swindlers?” Sitting in the command center, Captain Zhou looked at the situation outside the tent and whispered privately and with his peers . “Who knows?” “The superior just wants to play it safe!” “For the first spiritual murder attempt in the country – ‘Ghost Gate’, we should play it safe . ” “If there’s an accident, it would be the time for these swindlers . ” Captain Zhou realized that the country couldn’t determine which religion was really capable . They wanted to see which religious people were swindlers with this case . “By the way, how is the network from media news, physical newspapers and magazines, those propaganda channel that criticize Ghost Gate, warning people to stay away from the cult which is disguised as mobile game?” Suddenly thinking of this, Captain Zhou looked at the peer in charge of the matter . “We have already launched 300,000 newspapers . The online news reports are also being followed up quickly . With the CCTV TV channel and the WeChat, these channels will spread the news simultaneously, and the results will be absolutely extraordinary . ” With a self-confident smile, he handed a newspaper that was put on the market to the captain . Receiving the newspaper, Captain Zhou turned to the front page . The dark and bold headline was in his sight . Alert! ——【Cyber cult disguised as a mobile game is now spreading its culture, and the hackers behind it steal the players’ wealth】 According to the reporter’s personal experience report, a cyber cult named ‘Ghost Gate’ in Shanghai recently was spreading indiscriminately in the disguise of a mobile game . The developer is an overseas hacker organization . Once the user downloads the mobile game, the virus invades the mobile phone . Since then, the user’s bank card, Alipay, WeChat, QQ and other account passwords will be stolen...; So far, there have been reports of 367 victims, and the direct and indirect losses amounted to 200 million...; If your friends and family unintentionally download this mobile game, please remove it immediately for property security and personal privacy! Ding! Looking at the newspaper, a call from the superior broke the silence . “Yes, I am Zhou Qijia, the captain of the first brigade of the Criminal Investigation Brigade, also the man in charge of eliminating the hotbed of ghosts!” “Thank you for the head of the central government, we have prepared everything . ” Hanging up the internal encrypted call, Captain Zhou started to order . “The situation has changed . We can no longer wait for the group army to reinforce the Nanjing Military Region . At 12:45, we will let the first Pioneer Death Squad enter the air defense!” “What? This is totally different from the plan in the morning . ” His colleagues were confused . Captain Zhou stared at them and said . “This is the command of the superior, just do it!” “Captain, don’t be so angry! I know that boy you are optimistic about it . In the first Pioneer Death Squad . If we start the operation before Nanjing Military Region reinforcements arrive, it really increased the risk of the death squad . ” Seeing that Zhou’s captain was angry, Director Li of the Political Department of Shanghai stood up and said . “But everything has its pros and cons . The temporary plan at 12 . 45 may be stemmed from those religious people who persuaded the Central Committee . ” “At 3:00 p . m . , isn’t it generally considered to be the highest time, point of yang?” “If the death squad land at the time, facing the strong yang, the probability of ghosts appearing will be greatly reduced . ” Captain Zhou was expressionless . He only hoped that the action would be smooth and safe . He also wanted Fu Lu to return safely . At 12:30, five volunteers, including Fu Lu, who served as the first pioneering death squad, began to write suicide notes in their respective rooms . “Dear father and mother, if you see this letter from the country, I think I am no longer alive...;” At 12:40, with his body covered with all kinds of religious items, and drinking the holy water, the curse ash water, and the Buddha’s spring, the five wore the earphones that could communicate with the outside world and walked into the bomb shelter with their phones . At 12:45, after quickly registering the game accounts, the four members of the death squad had entered the novice guide interface . Different from Fu Lu, they had never played a spiritual mobile game, while Fu Lu was very familiar with it . But today wasn’t a day for ignorance and laughter . “If my sacrifice is valuable, helping the country to completely destroy this mobile game and saving more innocent netizens who are considered to be reserve prey without knowing it, I am willing to do so . ” The moment when he entered Ghost Gate, he already had the awareness that he would be killed cruelly by the ghosts that suddenly popped up on the screen on the spot . At the same time, Captain Zhou and others in the command center were staring at the big screen . That was the monitoring screen of the five-member death squad members in the air-raid shelter . A minute passed . Five minutes passed . Twenty minutes passed . Quite unexpectedly, despite the fact that there were still two eye-catching permanent buff【increasing the chance of ghost haunting by 100%】,【Max fatigue value】 on the character attribute panel, there was no murderous evil spirits around Fu Lu . Even the other four members of the death squad didn’t encounter any ghost at all . “Send the second team . ” Captain Zhou said . Soon, 30 volunteers also occupied the airspace in the air-raid shelter and began to use the mobile phone to register Ghost Gate . Ten minutes passed, but no one died or got injured . “Are we wrong? This mobile game is actually not malicious to people, so it will not take the initiative to harm people?” “No, if this is the case, then those ten players who encountered hidden NPC and drawn books made of human skin wouldn’t be killed by the ghosts!” “Does this mobile game actually have a restriction? For example, only players who have encountered hidden NPC and got ghost books are the targets to be killed?” “I think it is possible!” “Ordinary mobile games want to make money, so they hope players to play the game 24 hours a day...;” “The game acts in a diametrically opposite way . They deliberately create the fatigue value, limiting the player’s game time!” In the command center, there are peers who thought deeply and speculated . “In addition to encountering hidden NPCs to trigger the Easter Eggs with unlimited fatigue value, isn’t the mobile game encouraging players to trigger it in disguise?” “No matter what it is, the most important thing for us now is to destroy this mobile game and not let any of its intentions succeed . ” “A mobile game without players is like a fish leaving the water . It is only a matter of time before it dies . ” Although we can’t attack the game from the physical level, we should definitely do it by draining its water!” Captain Zhou raised his head and his eyes looked firm . “Temporarily stop the follow-up team entry, let the 35 people who have entered the air-raid shelter find ways to let tens of thousands of players leave the game right away . ” Through the headphones, this command immediately passed to Fu Lu’s ears . Chapter 13 <strong>Chapter 13: I Want to Get Off</strong>  Receiving the order from the superior, 34 members of the death squad, who trained for a long time and used to obey every order, immediately started posting on the mobile game forum, or shout out in chat box . Out of curiosity, Fu Lu took a look and found that the content was mostly a template . “The cyber security supervision police with work number 39011 has been stationed . All players’ speech information has been recorded . The mobile game ‘Ghost Gate’ does not conform to the socialist core values, involving feudal superstitions, network cult violence and other undesirable aspects . Please leave the game...;” In the forum, in the name of the network police, the posts to persuade the players to give up the game began to appear on the front page . Just waiting for a minute, Fu Lu had seen more than double-digit replies . “You registered dozens of accounts and posted with such horrible titles to intimidate us . Is this fun?” “How to complain? I want to find to the forum administrator to complain about him!” “Get out! It is disgusting to pretend to be cyber police . Disgusting!” “Oh, if you’re really cyber police, now this game has already been blocked . Why do you need to post in the forum? Fudge, you are fudging . ” It was clear that no player believed them . Most replies were cursing . Fu Lu felt that he had to do something . “Command Center, I am 05 . I don’t think we should rudely give orders to tens of thousands of players to leave the game . ” In the communication with the ground command center, Fu Lu also told them his idea . “I have an immature idea . ” It turned out that Fu Lu wanted to post what happened to him after he played this game in the forum with pictures and videos that described he had been chased by the long-haired female ghost, making players aware of the high risk of this game and choosing to leave themselves . They shouldn’t rudely issue order as network police like this . By doing so, in addition to stimulating the player’s rebellion, suspicion, denial, and anger, it wouldn’t help at all . Everyone in the command center though considered his plan naive, now the network police department was helpless, and the actions of other members of the death squad didn’t help, so they wanted to give it a try . According to the instructions, the female ghost photographed by the police at the crossroads in the early morning, the photos of Fu Lu in the police station, and a series of information such as the quirky death file archives of Jing’an District XX Middle School many years ago were quickly and accurately sent to Fu Lu’s phone . At the same time, the command center ordered the other 34 members of the death squad to unconditionally cooperate with Fu Lu . With these key information, coupled with the tacit help of the thirty-four allies around, the post posted by Fu Lu quickly rose to the top of the home page . In the second half of the post, Fu Lu also boldly judged the spiritual mobile game ‘Ghost Gate’ was alive, and all players were its reserve prey . If they didn’t stay away from the mobile game as soon as possible, it was equal to suicide! A lot of ordinary mobile gamers in the forum curiously clicked on Fu Lu’s post, and suddenly found the door of the new world . A small number of players felt that this was impossible to happen, but an extremely realistic modern urban spooky case! There was no reason for Fu Lu to make a joke with everyone . The best choice at present was to uninstall the mobile game to keep your life . There were also some well-informed players disapproving his thoughts . They thought that these graphic videos were the products deliberately made with lots of money . The purpose was to attract the attention of netizens, and then the author would release the website of his own novels, and then he could take the opportunity to drain a large number of believers to spend money on reading his books . The majority of players were silent after reading the post . They often read the post casually, then decisively turned it off, and left the forum to start playing games...; Hu Feng, who had been paying close attention to the action of the national machine, now felt that he could no longer stand by . Among tens of thousands of ‘Ghost Gates’ players, only a few thousand people believed what Fu Lu said and took the initiative to leave . They only contributed him a few dozens of fudge value . In this way, when would it be possible to reach a plan, that all players believed that ghosts existed and escaped panickingly, hence contributed a large amount of fudge value? “It seems that I still have to take action in person . ” Hu Feng was full of energy . “And I also feel that it is time to end the plan that makes everyone believe that ghosts really exist in the world, and start a new fudge project . ” At present, Hu Feng had way more than 10 points of fudge value . He no longer needed to save them . 571 . 93 points provided him with guts . What’s more, if he convinced all the players that ghosts existed in the world, then it would be tons of fudge value! Just do it! Suddenly, on the forum home page, a new post titled【Who can save me? Ghost in the mobile game is going to kill me】showed up . Fu Lu and the members of the death squad who paid attention to the small changes in mobile game clicked the post at almost the same time . “Help! Has anyone encountered the same situation as me? Almost a day ago, I met an NPC with a ghost face at the birthplace and got one of the only two bloody books made of human skin on his hand . But I never knew that this turned out to be the beginning of my nightmare!” “Believe me, I am not lying to you! There was a ghost story in the book . What made me cry is something mentioned in the ghost story . It showed up in reality and kept chasing me!” “No! It showed up again, it is in the high-speed rail carriage where I am located now! God, more than one ghost...; In addition to the ghost that kept chasing me, there are eight other ghosts out of nowhere! I want to get off...;” The post just ended at【I want to get off】 . Fu Lu felt creepy and extremely scary . As for the players in the forum, they were also skeptical . Someone replied . “What are you doing? Are you on the same team? The author of the post called himself Fu Lu, and he claimed that he is the tenth unlucky person who gain the bloody book made of human skin and got chased by the ghosts in the book . Then, there is another one here claiming to be the ninth guy who got the book?” Of course, some players started to make fun of it . They deliberately posted the article without finishing it . “Do you know? There are ghosts in this forum! When many people are halfway through the words, they suddenly disappear . You don’t...;” “Really? I don’t think...;” “Damn! You all disappeared . I’m so...;” “You guys are fake . If they really disappear, there is no time for punctuation...; just like me . ” Through the many monitoring equipment in the air-raid shelter, Captain Zhou and others could see the content clearly . “Fu Lu, he is the tenth person who drew a bloody man’s book . If this new person doesn’t lie, then he is the ninth guy to get the book!” Ignoring the funny content of those player, Captain Zhou ordered with headphones . “0505, this is the command center, please answer . ” “Please contact the author immediately . He may be the ninth person who drew the book but survived, just like you . We can get more information of Ghost Gate’s rules of murdering from him . ” “05, copy that . ” Fu Lu began to write a private letter to him right away . Chapter 14 <strong>Chapter 14: An Attempt to Become A Mage</strong>  “Friend, are you okay?” “Friend, answer me? I am the tenth person who got the book and got chased by ghosts . Now I am working with the country?” However, no matter how Fu Lu sent private messages, the latter was silent without any reply . “Maybe he has been killed?” “Reading his post in the forum, there seemed to be nine ghosts around him?” “So, in the order of killing, isn’t it my turn now? And it’s not a single long-haired female ghost, the ghosts that successful killed the other players before will also come to kill me!” “A total of ten ghosts will soon be chasing me?” Fu Lu was shocked by his inference . Disguised as the non-existent person who got the ninth book, Hu Feng began to work on ending his own hand-made game . “First of all, a total of 73,000 players should quit the game and automatically enter the Ghost Forum . Countless bloody handprints will appear on the forum background . The 300-second countdown appears on the forum and starts” “Then let the infinite blood flow out of the mobile game icon, forming the sentence ‘You can’t escape . ’ I believe that after seeing the horror scenes in succession, all player will believe in the existence of ghosts!” Thinking about it, Hu Feng continued to describe . “Create nine evil spirits . They are always in the boundaries between illusion and reality . They’re not afraid of hot weapons . They should attack Fu Lu with the long-haired female ghost...;” “After everyone is shocked by the fierce ghosts, I will become a mage from the underground world to save the world, finishing all the ghosts with ease . Then, I will leave mysteriously and calmly . ” Hu Feng was overjoyed . He could even imagine the shocking expressions of everyone when the mage appears . “As a result, not only I can convince people and country that ghosts exist in the world, but they will know that the underground world is real . It is really a good idea!” In the attitude of loyalty, the system intelligence AL still reminded “Host, through simulation calculation, your current total 571 . 93 points are not enough to support you to complete all the ideas...;” Hu Feng smirked . He suddenly thought that his fudge value was only three-digit . He couldn’t spend them arbitrarily . But he was optimistic . He immediately came up with an idea . “You don’t have to worry, we can do it step by step!” “Though my fudge value is not enough to create nine ghosts traveling between illusion and reality, not afraid of hot weapons attack, and the mysterious and powerful mage . ” “But it’s still enough for the bloody handprint in the forum background, the 300-second countdown to the forum, and the bloody sentence coming out from the mobile game icon . ” “As long as I successfully threaten those 70,000 players, I will gain tons of fudge value!” Saying, Hu Feng snapped his finger and looked energetic . “Come on, the miraculous scene I simulate in my mind, bring fear and horror to them!” Suddenly, everything changed! More than 70,000 mobile gamers who were playing ‘Ghost Gate’ suddenly found that all game maps became black and couldn’t be entered . All characters, skills, equipment, etc . were also frozen and unavailable . After three seconds, each player automatically quitted the game and entered the Ghost Forum . “What’s wrong? Is it a bug?” “My record! I almost cleared, it was so close!” “Is it the game server problem? I have 5G network . There’s no problem for watching videos and browsing webpage!” “I am so furious! Compensation, the official should compensate for my loss!” Everybody was angry in the forum . Many players even asked the game operator to compensate the players . At the next moment, the scary screen that everyone, including Fu Lu, couldn’t imagine, appeared . Numerous small and bright red bloody handprints appeared on the background of the forum, making people feel uncomfortable . Especially for patients with Trypophobia, it was simply unacceptable . In the middle of the Ghost Forum, a bloody 300-second countdown started . 299! 298! 297! “This...;” “What happened? I have a bad feeling . ” Many players were frightened . They were apparently stunned up by this sudden situation . In the command center, everyone was also stunned and couldn’t say a word . Although these government officials, police elites, and party members and cadres had long read the files of Fu Lu, they also knew that this action was specifically established for the first supernatural case since the founding of the People’s Republic of China...; But reading the information couldn’t compare with experiencing and seeing the incredible supernatural power themselves . “Don’t be afraid . I knew it, it’s alive! It’s angry!” Taking a deep breath, Captain Zhou, one of the chief commanders of this operation, quickly came out of his trance . “The posts of the members of the death squad we sent guided players to leave, which deeply irritated it, so it leads to the current situation . ” Inside the air-raid shelter, the members of the squad who directly looking at the horrible changes in the forum looked at each other at the moment . They were all very anxious . “Look at the screens of their mobile phones” In the command center, someone yelled . Captain Zhou squeezed himself in front of the monitor and widened his eyes . From the app ‘Ghost Gate’ in the mobile phone screen of Fu Lu and others, scarlet blood flowed wildly almost everywhere . On the ground, the blood solidified into three words, which frightened people: You can’t escape! The entire command center was shocked and silent . Everyone’s clothing was wetted by their sweats . At the same time, in Shanghai City, tens of thousands of people from all walks of life, who played ‘Ghost Gate’ to find fun, were also terrified to look at the strange things happening in front of them . On the icon, drops of blood flowed out with weird smell . Some fell on the solid wood desk, some fell on the paper documents, and some flowed directly on the ground...; But no matter where it fell, the thick blood eventually became three clearly visible words: You can’t escape! At this moment, almost all the players were going crazy . What are they seeing now? What creature’s blood incredibly flows out of the mobile phone screen? And it still condenses into this malicious font? This was a spiritual haunted event! “Help, there are ghosts!” Almost all players’ first reaction was to panic and scream, even throwing away the phones . They ran away as far as they could, as long as they didn’t see the bleeding mobile phone! “Liu Yue, a female mobile game player, believes that there are ghosts in the world and contributes spiritual power +13 . 83 . ” “Yu Dekun, a male government official, fear of ghosts in the world, contributes spiritual power +22 . 61 . ” “Yue Wenwu, a male mobile game player, shocked by the fact that ghosts exist, contributes spiritual power +7 . 9 . ” “Wu Chenxi, a male hand game player, passes out because of the ghosts, to contribute spiritual power +2 . 11 . ” As predicted, along with the emergence of the supernatural phenomenon, a large number of mobile gamers believed it and escaped . The amount of spiritual power contributed to him skyrocketed . The system notice kept refreshing . “System, why is there such a situation that the contribution of spiritual power is different? It is puzzling . ” Hu Feng also found a problem . In the face of the same phenomenon, the spiritual power that people contributed was very different . “Different people have different life experiences, so that they have different degrees of acceptance of【ghosts】, that’s why the spiritual power provided is also different . ” The system explained it with an example, which was easier for him to understand . “Some people receive materialistic education from an early age . They never believe that there are really ghosts in the world . When the haunting events appear, his worldview is simply impacted hard, so his emotion is extremely out of control and the spiritual power provided is quite a lot . ” “Some often hear ghost stories . They always sweep the graves to the souls of the dead . Their subconscious has already slightly recognized the existence of【ghost】 . ” “When the haunting events really occur, since their emotions are still changeable, they will provide a certain amount of spiritual power, but not too much . ” “Because they aren’t convinced by you . 【Ghost】have long been in their subconscious minds . ” “I see . ” Nodding his head thoughtfully, Hu Feng then looked at the five-digit fudge value and excitedly rubbed his hands . “37848 . 92!” With so many fudge values, he finally had the capital to create nine ghosts! And he could become a powerful and mysterious mage, crushing the fierce and invincible ghosts in front of the world! Keeping low profile had never been his style . As long as he wasn’t exposed, Hu Feng didn’t mind showing up in the identity of famous people in myths and legends in front of the world and the country! Being a mage was just his first attempt . Chapter 15 <strong>Chapter 15: Collective Illusion</strong>  “You can’t escape!” No one knew what this sentence meant more clearly than Fu Lu! He could even imagine that as the tenth person who drew the bloody book made of human skin, the player who seemed to be the only surviving player at the moment, the knife of the mobile game had been raised high toward him . The bloody 300-second countdown in the forum might be the countdown to his death! Repeating his own conjecture to the command center, Fu Lu and others immediately got the order – Abandon the mobile phones and retreat from the air defense shelter right away . When they were safely evacuated, the blood countdown gradually reached the end . 10 9 8...; The sky suddenly got darker . Thick dark clouds floated in the sky, and the hot sun was covered by clouds . It should be the hottest time at noon, and everyone gathered near the air-raid shelter had goosebumps . They even felt cold at their feet . The armed policemen were holding their breath and highly concentrated and nerves taut . As for those religious people, everyone was frowning, and the atmosphere was extremely depressed . The monks began to knock on the wooden claps and and meditated in a low voice; the Christian bishops in red robe held the Bible and made a cross in front of their chests...; The rest of the self-identified people were also doing their own tricks, as if a yak was besieged by top predators . They desperately shook their horns to warn that there was danger . 3, 2, 1 . In the command center, thirty-five death squads, including Fu Lu, who had just returned safely, looked at the countdown of the last three seconds on the surveillance equipment and almost stopped breathing . The blood countdown ended completely . Everything was so calm, and nothing happened . “Did I think too much?” “The bloody countdown isn’t a symbol of my death? Forget it, nothing happening is the best . ” Laughing at himself, Fu Lu was relieved . But at this moment, there was a disturbing scream in his ears . “The blood! The blood is flowing!” “God, something is coming out of the blood, they are squirming!” Fu Lu, Captain Zhou and others went over to see it, which scared them right away! The bloody words on the ground of the bomb shelter all merged into one piece, forming a bloody lake that constantly bubbled . Pale and grotesque figures came out of the bloody lake . The first coming out was holding its head with no facial features one-handedly, and its body was oozing with blue chilling air . The second looked ragged, flat and crippled, as if it was squashed by heavy trucks . The third had no brilliance in its eyes, and it spat out red tongue, which was at least two meters long and rounded around its waist...; What scared Fu Lu the most was the long-haired female ghost who kept chasing him . She came out last! Looking at these ten very different ghosts, all of which had the intention to go to the entrance of the air defense shelter . Captain Zhou immediately issued a command to the front line . “Fight, fight against them! The targets are the ten ghosts at the air defense shelter . If we can handle this for a while, the huge army of the Nanjing Military Region will arrive and support us . ” After the communication was completed, Captain Zhou led the team to the front . At the same time, people were sent to tell those religious people that there were many ghosts in the air-raid shelter . They asked them to find ways to eliminate or liberate them . They must not allow these ghosts to invade the city . However, arriving at the front line near the air-raid shelter . Captain Zhou, Fu Lu and others were shocked by the scene! Silent! It was so silent! All the armed police, the explosion-proof police, and the criminal investigation police officers were all frozen into ice sculptures . Most of those religious people had long escaped without a trace . Even if some felt that the ghosts were just illusion, those who rushed up with mahogany swords and sacred wands were all lying on the ground without any exception . As for those swindlers who painted on the ground with cinnabar, black dog blood, incense ash, etc . , they couldn’t dispel the evil spirits, which was completely useless . Driving from the command center to the air raid shelter at high speed, all staff arrangements failed in one minute . Looking at the scene carefully, it seemed that only the first ghost was raging, and the other nine ghosts were standing by . “How is it possible?” These incredible phenomena in front of him were simply unacceptable . The voice was extremely hoarse . “You can’t escape!” (You can’t escape!)” Staring at Fu Lu, the voices of ten ghosts sounded at the same time, making him feel like falling into the ice cave . His body was stiff and trembling, and it was hard to get out . “Let me do it . ” Slightly nodding her head, the long-haired female ghost chasing Fu Lu stood out, raised her hand with red nails, and waved her hand toward Fu Lu’s heart . “No!” Seeing the female ghost approaching, Captain Zhou screamed in anger and prepared to shoot . Turning slightly, the ghost that held its head without facial features, one-handedly and exuded cold air, faced Captain Zhou, as if it was staring at him with its eyes that didn’t exist . Out of nowhere, a cold and heart-wrenching chill spread all over Captain Zhou’s body from top to bottom . “Is this the taste of death? It’s so cold...;” In the screams of other people around him, Captain Zhou gradually became unconscious and quickly turned into a humanoid sculpture with the posture of raising the gun . Witnessing Captain Zhou being ‘killed’, Fu Lu was about to be killed by the long-haired female ghost . He was completely desperate . “How dare you!” But at this moment, a sizzling scream came over . The long-haired female ghost stopped suddenly, screamed, flew out dozens of feet away . The original solid body of the ghost became inexplicably illusory . The rest of the ghosts gathered together, and they all looked serious . No one cared about Fu Lu anymore . There was a gust of wind blowing in the sky, and blue smoke rose from the ground . There was an infinite number of electric lights in the clouds, and the color of the world changed . In the dim environment, with the light of lightning, Fu Lu and others saw two huge hundred-meter-tall figures which emerged from the blue smoke vaguely . The 100-meter virtual shadow on the left was dressed in black, with a fierce face, holding a black stick, and a long chain of souls on the shoulders . Every step he walked, you could hear the chain hitting on the ground . The phantom on the right side was in a white coat . His red tongue spat out of the mouth . He held a pure white stick and a copper bell around his waist . His whole body was rusty, and he seemed to be silent . “My goodness! This...; This is...;” “Do we really live in modern society? I am going crazy!” “Black and white mages...; Ghosts from the underground...; Black and white mages!” Fu Lu and others were shocked and confused . “How dare you disturb the world and kill people . Come back with me!” The ghosts answered the mages with ghost fire they released . Ding! The black mage seemed to be a little annoyed . He took off the chain and shook it . The long chain automatically entangled them . These ghosts had no power to fight back . They were entangled by the chain and crying sorrowfully, which almost broke the eardrums of Fu Lu and others . Thinking how the ghosts treated police officers, armed police, and religious people with an arrogant attitude, it was hard to believe how strong the black and white mages were! Glancing at the numerous ‘ice sculptures’ of different shapes on the ground, the white mage rang the rusty bell gently, and the crisp and sweet sound came over . In an instant, these ‘ice sculptures’, which had long stopped breathing, began to melt rapidly . “Wow!” “It’s so cold!” Fu Lu and others were surprised and happy to see Captain Zhou and others actually miraculously became alive again! Came back to life? Fu Lu and others were very excited and emotional, but they were more shocked and fearful . “I remember that I was dead, right?” Being surrounded by people, Captain Zhou stood up and held his forehead in confusion . “Captain, you absolutely can’t think of what happened before! The mages are coming from the underground!” “Yes, it’s black and white mages . They caught those ghosts as easily as drinking water!” They started discussing . “Really? Where are they?” Fu Lu was ready to reach out and point at them . But as soon as he looked up, it was a cloudless clear sky, and the sun was hanging high above the sky . Not to mention the black and white mages, even the cloudy weather didn’t exist at all . Now, if it hadn’t been for that how had he just returned to life from an ice sculpture, Captain Zhou would have doubted whether these thousands of people had collective illusion! It was so incredible! Chapter 16 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 16: The Capital City</strong>  Capital . Zhongnan Lake . The administrative department of the State Council . In the reception room 016 . It had been two hours since the bloody countdown appeared in the suburbs of Shanghai and the black and white mages showed up to catch the ghosts . Two hours ago, Captain Zhou was still in the suburbs of Shanghai as one of the men in charge of the first spiritual case since the founding of the People’s Republic of China . But now, by the military plane, he had rushed to the capital as quickly as possible to meet with the contemporary leader of the People’s Republic of China, the head number 1, on the unprecedented spiritual event . After tidying himself up, the 40-year-old captain was still a little nervous . About five minutes later, a secretary from Zhongnan Lake walked over quickly and smiled . “Please come with me, the head number 1 wants to see you . ” After searching the body thoroughly and passing multiple strict access control points, Captain Zhou took out the pass that had just been issue, and he finally reached the destination . After the secretary advanced to inform, Captain Zhou was invited to enter . He stepped into the office building and was led all the way to the area where the head number 1 was located . Captain Zhou finally saw the head number 1 in person . After saluting, Captain Zhou quickly identified his title, and then stood respectfully . “Don’t be so nervous!” “Come here, Zhou, you have been sitting for more than an hour on the plane . You must be tired, right? Sit down and have some tea...; After your rest, we can work . ” Although the head number 1 was kind of polite, but Captain Zhou had been an official for more than a decade, hence he knew what he should do . At the moment, Captain Zhou immediately patted his chest and said that when serving the people, it was worthwhile to get tired . It was not a big deal to take a long-distance plane . As for sitting down and drinking tea, it was even unnecessary for him since he was now energetic and ready to start working . “That’s good, if that’s the case, then please tell the situation as you have seen to the members of the think tank . ” “Yes, sir!” Captain Zhou stated that he would unconditionally obey the arrangement . Soon, 80 members of the think tank from different professional fields who had worked for the Republic’s major policies for many years, with the preparation of documents prepared in advance, began to ask Captain Zhou questions . “I would like to ask Captain Zhou, according to what you said, two hours ago, you were in the air-defense shelter of H701 in the suburbs of Shanghai . You witnessed the black and white mages with the height of 100 meters, and saw that the weather suddenly changed, the cold wind whistling, and the smoke lingering, right?” Captain Zhou organized his thoughts and said . “I was already attacked by the ghosts and was frozen into an ice sculpture . I was unconscious and completely ignorant of the outside world . ” “What you mentioned was told by my fellow subordinates after waking up . But I can’t be sure about it . ” “That’s good, I should change the question . ” “Was there any death or injury to the police officers of your peers or subordinates after you woke up?” Captain Zhou shook his head firmly . “I have already learned that except for people spraining their feet, no one was dead or injured at the scene, including those religious people . ” “Thank you for your answer, I finished my questions . Who is next?” After that, he left the position . “Captain Zhou, please tell me if this information is true . ” A scholar wearing a gold-rimmed glasses quickly walked over with the documents . “At the command center of the H701 air-raid shelter, through the monitoring equipment, you saw the ninth player who gained the book on the mobile phone screen of the policeman who ventured into game...; . . ” “The latter posted a post in the forum, claiming that he met many ghosts on the high-speed rail carriage in Nanchang City, Jiangxi . Is this true?” Captain Zhou nodded . “Yes, it is true . ” Suddenly, many scholars and experts around him started whispering . The scholar who had just asked Captain Zhou took out a list of high-speed passengers in Nanchang, Jiangxi Province from the many documents he held, and handed it to Captain Zhou . “Captain Zhou, please read this . These are the names of all passengers who have taken the high-speed rail in Nanchang, Jiangxi . ” The scholar stared at him . “However, after our emergency search, none of the high-speed rail passengers are missing . Can you confirm that this is the case?” Captain Zhou’s face was sweating, and he desperately recalled everything a few hours ago . He remembered very clearly that he really saw the ninth player who got the book asking for help...; However, how couldn’t the state find any missing passengers when they sent personnel to investigate one by one? Captain Zhou was a little embarrassed, and he was very puzzled . But the experts and scholars of the think tanks didn’t intend to let him go . Another female expert came to him and asked loudly . “Captain Zhou, we have contacted the Shanghai police and learned that more than 100 citizens reported to the police today, claiming that their mobile phones started bleeding . What’s even more weird was that the blood clearly formed the sentence【You can’t escape】...;” “Did you like to see the same situation occurred in the mobile phones of 35 police officers from the monitor at that time?” The voice of the other party was loud, making Captain Zhou come out of his trance . “Yes . ” Captain Zhou frowned slightly and tried to ask her . “Any problem?” However, her answer was quite unexpected . “Yes, I have a big problem!” “According to the report of Shanghai police, when all the police officers who arrived at the reporters, they didn’t see the situation they reported!” “Even if the reporters insisted that they saw blood contaminated with his clothes, we didn’t find any blood residue after the clothes were sent to the police laboratory for examination . ” Huff! Taking a deep breath, Captain Zhou finally understood what the think tank wanted to know from him . They seemed to prove that the haunted phenomenon, the weird case, and black and white mages were the illusion that didn’t exist! “So you mean that these ghosts, black and white mages don’t exist . The truth is that thousands of people at the scene have collective illusions?” Captain Zhou clenched his fists . Having been frozen into ice sculptures, he was hard to accept that they considered the pain he had experienced as illusion . “No, Zhou, your thoughts are not accurate . ” Quietly listening, the head number 1 smiled and walked over . “All the members of the think tank have watched the surveillance video that the female ghost attempted murdering at 1 a . m . ” “After receiving the report from the network police department, we knew that ‘Ghost Gate’ was only visible and downloadable in Shanghai from the mobile game list . So we are 100% sure that there is definitely no human factor in this supernatural and splendid events . ” “Because at present, even the United States, the best country in science and technology research and development, doesn’t have such a strange and magical technique!” “The head...; As you said, since the members of the think tank accept the supernatural phenomena, why are you still asking me?” Captain Zhou was a bit puzzled . At this time, the experts of the think tank took over and said bluntly . “That is because we want to determine from you whether this supernatural and spiritual phenomenon is a spiritual attack, letting people die in hallucinations; or directly interfering with reality and changing matter . ” Captain Zhou felt that his level of knowledge was not enough . “Which way do you want to understand now?” “When we got the video of the female ghost, we all agreed that this supernatural stuff can directly intervene in reality and change the material world...;because if it isn’t the case, the monitoring equipment couldn’t capture the ghosts!” With a national-certified special psychology medal on the chest, an expert coughed and said . “But by consulting you and searching for the strange situation of the high-speed rail passengers in Nanchang, Jiangxi . No one was missing, so we can roughly draw conclusions!” “Whether it is a ghost or black and white mages, they can interfere with reality and change matter in a small area, but once the scale rise, they can only move at the spiritual level . ” Captain Zhou said thoughtfully . “Now I understand this conclusion . Can we attack or resist against ghosts?” “If we can’t do it, we can make early warning that there will be a ghost in a certain place!” A member of the think tank looked serious . Finally, the head number 1 smiled and eased the atmosphere . “Don’t worry so much . Science is about collecting data, summarizing phenomena, and exploring the essence of law...;” “We don’t have to rush it . We should take it slowly . ” Chapter 17 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 17: The Best Horror Movie in China in 2018</strong>  Time passed by . Hu Feng suddenly discovered that no matter whether on network platforms or on real news media, there was absolutely no report on the spooky phenomena that more than a thousand had witnessed in Shanghai . It seemed that there was no such thing at all . “It seems that the state had blocked the news and let no one know . ” For Fu Lu, an ordinary student, he didn’t care much as the state blocked news to maintain stability . However, as a system owner that intended to change the world and fudge the world, this policy of the state blocked his development path . After all, the fudge value that he needed most was derived from the spiritual power of the public belief that【there are ghosts in the world】! “I should change my plan!” Hu Feng touched his chin and made up his mind . “Since they didn’t allow the world to know it, then I will actively spread it on the Internet . ” He then communicated with the system . “Make a video with the activities in ‘Ghost Gate’ related to Fu Lu, the police, and government agencies from the release to the end of the day before yesterday, and then permanently release it on the Internet in China . People can’t delete or trace them . Can you do this?” “Of course, but it requires 960 points . Deduct it now?” “I want any Chinese netizen to see the video no matter what software they click on . How much does it cost?” The system answered again . ” Your request involves 1 . 3 billion people, which is extremely expensive . ” “To maintain 24 hours, you need to consume 13,000 points . To maintain 48 hours, you need 39,000 points . As for 72 hours, you need 117,000 points . And so on . ” Hu Feng now roughly estimated it . Before that, he had about 38,000 points of fudge value . He created the figurative nine ghosts with 4,500 . Creating black and white mages, as well as changing the weather, cost 1,800 . The balance was still 15,500, which was more than enough . Quickly spending 14,000 points, Hu Feng drank Coke and began watching videos on the system light curtain . “Wow!” Taking a look at the progress bar of the video up to 5,400 minutes, Hu Feng completely spat out the drink in his mouth . Immediately after he asked the system, so that he realized that all the content in the past four days had met his request, so the system traced it this time . “Damn, I should edit it myself . ” Hu Feng immediately started . Starting from when Fu Lu started playing the game, then he met the police after encountering ghosts, and he edited the important recordings of the government agencies involved...; He added Chinese subtitles, edited key videos, and deleted the unnecessary scenes . The video came to an end . Hu Feng was surprised to find that there was still a section of Captain Zhou on a military aircraft rushing to Beijing Zhongnan Lake to meet with the president of the country and talk with many members of the national think tank . “This is what I didn’t expect!” He watched it happily . Through the conversation between Captain Zhou and the think tank members, Hu Feng was sure that the state knew nothing about him . They only understood the surface of the game, ghosts and black and white mages . He decisively included it into the video . Hu Feng secretly smiled . He couldn’t wait to let the netizens see what happened in Zhongnan Lake, which had a very high level of confidentiality . He believed it would definitely be a great news . Just a few minutes later, on the Chinese Internet, a video named ‘Shanghai Spiritual Haunted Event Tracking Report’ was released for a period of up to two hours . In an instant, as long as you were surfing the Internet in China at that moment, regardless of the computer or phone, the video showed up on the screens immediately! Whether you were watching a live novel, chatting with people, or playing a mobile game...; There was no exception! “Damn? Is my phone infected with a virus?” “I want to play games . Quit it!” Even if the furious netizens turned off the video, they would soon find out that on live platforms such as Betta, Tiger, Panda, Dragon Ball, and video sites such as Tencent video, iQiyi, Thunder HD, and Bilibili, even chat software such as WeChat, meager, and QQ...; the close-ups, links Jump, and story introduction of the video showed up automatically...; The crazy intensity of advertising was even higher than that of some online games . It was so ridiculous! However, what made numerous Chinese netizens shocked was the title of the video: ——Shanghai Spiritual Haunted Event Tracking Report! After the founding of the country, any drama or TV program involving ghosts was not allowed to be broadcasted . But here came a video with a frank title, indicating that it involved haunting events . The story background was even in modern Shanghai, China . At this moment, many curious netizens started watching the video . Huang Xudong, a famous TV show producer, was also one of the curious netizens . At the beginning of the video, it was a mobile game leaderboard . Huang Xudong looked over and found that Glory of Kings wasn’t on the first . On the contrary, the first place turned out to be a strange game that he had never heard – ‘Ghost Gate’ . Then he read the video introduction, this turned out to be a mobile game which could only be downloaded by a few people who encountered ghosts! A freshman in a school in Shanghai called Fu Lu inadvertently downloaded the mobile game . Brewing a cup of tea, Huang Xudong couldn’t help but keep watching . Time passed, accompanied by the introduction of subtitles, the hidden NPC in the mobile game gave the last bloody book made of human skin to Fu Lu, which made him step into the trap of being chased by ghosts . A love letter from a female ghost; a “girlfriend” that didn’t exist in the hallway of the dormitory; the fear that he got chased; a taxi driver disguised by a female ghost; a police car that accidently passed by the crossroads to save Fu Lu; the meeting held by the team of the Criminal Investigation Brigade for eradicating the spiritual mobile game...; The thrilling, horrifying and fascinating storyline was close to the modern social life and conformed to the picture of the national government’s behavior...; Fu Lu, the male lead, was acting perfectly . His panic, fear, and all kinds of emotions were super real . The long-range scenes were vivid . Other supporting roles conformed to the characters they played! For example, the policeman in the police station mistakenly considered that the male lead didn’t encounter ghosts at all, but had the illusion caused by excessive drug abuse . He suspected him, forced the male lead to take blood tests, but then found that it was a mistake, embarrassedly . His every move was absolutely comparable to a superstar’s performance! “This must be China’s most outstanding horror film in 2018 . I don’t know who the director is . It’s so good!” Huang Xudong was completely fascinated . Next to the computer desk, the freshly brewed new tea had cooled down . But he didn’t have time to take a sip as his eyes were fixed on the screen . He even didn’t want to take his eyes off the screen . Chapter 18 <strong>Chapter 18: 404 Error Pages and the National Special Bureau</strong>  The video was still going on . The scene changed, and it was Captain Zhou from the Shanghai Criminal Investigation Corps . He rushed to the capital on a military plane and met with the head number one . When Huang Xudong saw the face of the head of the screen, he almost jumped up! The same . It was simply the face of the top leader in reality! “This...; the director or film crew of this video must be really powerful . They have official direct license and endorsement support . Otherwise, it is absolutely impossible to shoot such a movie with his face...;” After watching all the videos, Huang Xudong couldn’t help but forward it to his friends and was ready to tag them on Webo to tell them that he had found something good! But when he just entered WeChat and Webo, he suddenly found out that his news was out of date . It had already spread on the Internet . Lao Wang tagged Huang Xudong . “Exciting! The hope of domestic horror movies . Is this video a movie or a TV series? No matter who shoots it, I became his top fan today!” F Li tagged Xian . “One thousand likes . I recommend you watch it! I have never seen such a bold movie . The role of the police from the police station, the network police, the criminal investigation brigade captain, the municipal party committee...; and even the head!” “Compared with this bold horror video, the spooky movies involving the modern society in the past suck!” White dog tagged Color . “Do you know who stars the role of Fu Lu in Shanghai Spiritual Haunted Event Tracking Report? He is really a rising star in the entertainment industry!” “I am immersed in the feared face and other facial expressions . It’s spectacular! If we take the film to participate in the International Film Awards, we must win at least one Oscar award . If not, it means they’re blind, or they deliberately suppress rookies!” Relatives tagged Huang Xudong . “Watching the movie shot by an unknown director, I have only one thought in my mind...; If the perfect score is 100, I am willing to give it 101 points . The additional 1 point for the staff involved in the shooting! I suggest you watch this, Xudong . ” Huang Xudong looked at the news and was conquered by the advertising of this video because so many people tagged him together and also desperately propagated it . Shocked, suddenly a news about the video on Webo attracted him . “Shock! The top secret news that the 1 . 3 billion Chinese people don’t know! The film ‘Shanghai Spiritual Haunted Event Tracking Report’ spread by numerous people is not a movie, but an event that actually took place in reality . Haunted event!” The shocking title looked fake . But Huang Xudong still couldn’t help but click in . Very unexpected to Huang Xudong’s expectations, it was actually not fake . “This time, there are a few points to prove that it is a real, spooky haunted event! We learn that the propaganda department of various districts in Shanghai two days ago issued an urgently printed publication of about 300,000 copies of the cult culture to warn people and government agencies . It states that the game is ‘Ghost Gate’, which is also the mobile game at the beginning of the video!” “Secondly, after we learn the information from the Shanghai police station, a number of citizens panickingly reported to the police two days ago, claiming that the icon of ‘Ghost Gate’ on their mobile phone screens bled out and formed the bloody sentence ‘you can’t escape . ’ It’s hard to imagine!” “The most amazing thing is that, though we can’t find or download the mobile games online now, in the famous newly-established forum called ‘Ghost Gate’, up to tens of thousands of users all claim that they have played the game and seen the strange situation of the icon bleeding in the reality...;” “In summary, so many people have insisted on seeing the spiritual phenomena . Many Shanghai residents are afraid . The government has also criticized this publicly...; This makes us speculate irresponsibly whether this is really a large-scaled spooky event or not?” Really? Out of curiosity, Huang Xudong also began to search for the post ‘Ghost Gate’ . When the mobile web page switched, he actually found it! Choosing to enter, it was filled with newcomer posts, and the number of people concerning the forum skyrocketed . In a few dozen minutes, after reading hundreds of hot posts, Huang Xudong had an understanding of the current situation on the forum . Most people didn’t believe that there were ghosts in the world . They insisted on the materialistic thoughts, and simply thought that the forum was deliberately established to promote the movie and for a place to discuss about it . But a very small number of users claiming to have played the game in person, insisted that ghosts did exist in modern society . Moreover, it was not good for all of China, and there were supernatural phenomena happening all the time . The reason why no one saw the news because it had been strictly blocked by the state . If it wasn’t for the fact that the recent Shanghai spiritual event had involved too many people, or else it would have been blocked as in the past . These crazy users who believed in the existence of ghosts, didn’t spare any effort to publicize it to others . They told them not to play any spiritual game or go out for an adventure at night . Some users with extreme thoughts and stubborn behavior also uploaded various Taoist, Buddhist amulets, yellow paper spells, mahogany swords, and exorcism symbols that they bought at Taobao, claiming that they still invited the statue of Guanyin Bodhisattva at home . Every morning and evening, incense was lit to avoid the ghosts . It was so exaggerated...; Huang Xudong was little interested . He continued to see what the netizens who believed in the ghost had done . But when he refreshed the page, all the posts were suddenly gone...; 404! Limited to relevant laws and regulations, the page you visit does not exist! Huang Xudong couldn’t help but widen his eyes...; The timeline jumped back to the time when【Shanghai Spiritual Haunted Event Tracking Report]】hadn’t yet become popular all over the Internet and occupied every mobile phone and computer screen of all the national netizens . A two-hour video inexplicably appeared in the attention of all netizens . This was so serious that the network police departments across the country couldn’t be indifferent . As early as numerous netizens were still confused, the network police department had launched several attacks and tracking of the video . But no matter how hard they worked, all the attacks against this video were all in vain . This strange, totally unreasonable strange thing made the local network police departments have no choice but to choose to report to the country, requesting to send technical personnel to deal with . It had not been a few days since the mobile game ‘Ghost Gate’ was released in Shanghai . As the news of this video was reported, it immediately received great attention from Beijing . Inside the second administrative building in the capital . “This is a provocation!” With both hands leaned over the conference table and looking at the other Standing Committee members and the military high-level generals, the head was angry . He turned to remind the Secretary-General to immediately show everyone the last ten minutes of video . The Secretary-General was nervous and did so immediately . Ding . On the wide screen of the conference room, the military optical projector was enabled, and the video that spread throughout the Internet started . The last period of the video started . On the screen, there were the head, nearly 100 members of the National Think Tank, and Captain Zhou discussing . The heads of the central government and the top military generals were stunned . The conversation involving high-level officers had always been secreted and not published . It had never been leaked on the Internet . How could it be spread today? Recalling the documents about Shanghai haunted mobile game given to everyone before the head summoned them to the meeting, did ghosts really exist in this world? Otherwise, how could the top secret conversation between the chairman and the think tank be leaked? Slapping on the conference table, the head was furious . “Everyone must have seen it? Today, the spooky video on the entire Chinese Internet cannot be deleted or tracked according to the report files of the local police departments...;” “This kind of means are almost the same as the way ‘Ghost Gate’ hides itself on the Internet!” “I have a good reason to suspect that the game is provoking us now . This 2-hour video is the evidence!” “Or, it is warning us that we shouldn’t care too much . Otherwise, next time it might not be a video of the conversation being leaked, but they call out ghosts to attack us!” The central heads of the conference room and the military high-level generals sighed . Everyone had never seen him being so angry . After venting his anger and grievances, the head took a deep breath and frowned slightly . “I decided to look for people with supernatural powers from all over the country to form National Special Event Investigation Bureau, or National Special Bureau . ” “I don’t want it to be fast, and I don’t want it to be false . What I want is a supernaturally powered elite combat squad that can at least counter the spiritual mobile game . I don’t want a street magician or some religious swindlers!” “Dismiss!” Looking at the heads of the central government, the military high-level generals leaving, the head turned his attention to the Secretary-General . “Is there any follow-up to the video?” The Secretary-General quickly handed in the documents . “The think tank has simulated it . ” After reading a few pages of documents, the head knew that the person who stood up to be the scapegoats . “Let Zhang Yimou, Feng Xiaogang, Wu Jing take the initiative to stand up and claim that the video was a secret production of their cooperation...;” “Directly approved by the National Folklore and Culture Bureau, strongly supported by the head – a unique modern social spooky movie with a high cost...;” “And then release some scandals and affairs of famous stars to distract the national public attention...;” “At the same time ask the local network police department to closely supervise the discussion about the spiritual mobile games, they must block them instantly...;” Collecting the documents, the head stepped out . “Good simulation . Let’s start . ” Chapter 19 <strong>Chapter 19: The Martial Art Master That Climbs Out from the Grave</strong>  “As you can see, the horror movie that I co-produced with Feng Xiaogang and Wu Jing was accidentally stolen by international hackers and uploaded on the Internet...;” Zhang Yimou described in the interview . Wu Jing smiled slightly and talked very fast . The reporters at the other side couldn’t hear clearly . “This is an unprecedented movie . It was directly approved by the National Folk Culture Bureau and supported by the head of the State . The movie with great cost, great background, great innovation, Chinese unique modern social background...;” Looking at Feng Xiaogang, he had already held a number of super-definition film posters, and eloquently gave reporters on the scene introduction on how hard the film crew worked . At the end of the film release conference, three well-known directors made a gesture, and all the lights on the scene suddenly disappeared . “Now, let us welcome the actor found by the crew, the male lead with superb emotional performance – Fu Lu!” Bright and dazzling spotlights shone down the red carpet on the high platform . “Hello everyone, I am Fu Lu, the male lead in the movie ‘Shanghai Spiritual Haunted Event Tracking Report’ . ” The curtain was slowly pulled up, and Fu Lu was slightly embarrassed to walk out along the red carpet, and then smiled at numerous reporters and fans . Suddenly, thousands of online fans who had seen his “exquisite acting” shouted with excitement . After receiving the flowers from several consecutive online fans, Fu Lu took the initiative to thank the three directors for their teaching and caring, so that he could be famous all over the Internet . In the future, he would also strive for the life of China’s performing arts, strive to create more and better film works, and enrich the spiritual life of the people throughout the country . Looking at the headlines, suddenly some paparazzi stated that a star actor had a tax evasion contract! A married female star had an affair with her broker . The inbound and outbound video of the hotel was released! “The huge power of the state machine is really amazing . ” “In less than a few hours, not only did the three famous directors took the initiative to come out, but the male lead Fu Lu clarified the authenticity of the film...;” “They even distracted everyone with some affairs and scandals . Their means are really amazing . ” Quiet and alone, Hu Feng didn’t say anything, but countless thoughts flashed through his mind . “Report the statistics of the video . ” Hu Feng communicated with the system . “Since the host forcibly released the video on the Internet...;” System Intelligence AL analyzed the statistics . “Until now, it has been three hours and fifteen minutes . About 40 million Internet users have viewed your edited video, but there are fewer than 100,000 people in the world who believe that ghosts exist . Most of them are players who have downloaded and played the game . ” “So, how many fudge values have I collected?” Slightly crooning, Hu Feng was also prepared for this result . After all, they didn’t see it with they own eyes . If a video could convince the well-informed Chinese netizens that ghosts existed, it was definitely a joke! “81009 . 83 points of spiritual power have been collected and automatically converted to the fudge values . ” “You had about 1500 fudge values before, so the current total balance is 82509 . ” Hearing this news, Hu Feng became energetic . Lazily leaning against the computer chair, his hands clasped his neck and leaned back, staring at the ceiling motionless . At the next moment, Hu Feng seemed to be recalling something . “I remember being attracted to TV dramas for the first time in my childhood, because I saw a costume martial arts drama . The martial arts master who can fly here and there, showing off his skills in sword, it is really desirable . ” “When the first time I read online novels in junior high school, there was an ancient martial arts master traveling to the modern world – ‘The Campus Martial Arts Master’ written by Ink White also makes me crazy . Sometimes when I read the climax of the story, I even want to be the character . ” “System, if I change my body shape and change my voice . ” Hu Feng asked . “Then become a martial arts master who is fearless of firearms, heroic, and vigorous . If I show up in front of the national government to show the true internal power of Qi, how about it?” “There is no reference in the database...;” Forget it, you don’t have to answer it! Hu Feng stood up and meditated in the room . Not long after, he had a new fudge project in his mind . “I know it . This time I will turn myself into a martial arts master, showing the martial arts world the internal power of the body, and letting them believe that there are martial arts in this world!” He began to conceive the details of the plan and sort out the obvious loopholes . “For an ancient martial arts master, the first difficulty after coming to reality is to communicate with people . ” “The way how ancient martial arts masters talk is too inconsistent with modern people . If I want to pretend to be an ancient martial arts master, then I must not have such communication barriers . ” Hu Feng had an idea . “Right, Minguo (PS: Republic of China, 1912-1949) was not far from now, but it is in line with the identity of the ancient martial arts master I want, and the people of Minguo and modern people will not have any communication obstacles! Like the invincible iron fist Sun Yat-sen, the demon stone San Yazi, the reincarnation king Yuan Shikai, fast runner Jiang Zhongzheng, Huang Feihong, and Huo Yuanjia...;” “But the problem is coming again!” Hu Feng asked himself . “How can a civil martial arts master live quietly until 2018 without being discovered? Doesn’t he eat, drink, age, and is detached from the outside world?” “There is only one answer . This martial arts master of Minguo must have a different practice method . He can be buried like a tortoise in the underground all year long without aging!” “A secret martial arts master has been recovering in the grave since the past because of serious injuries . After decades, he is awakened by a group of tomb thieves...;” “In this way, the identity background of this secret martial arts master will be good, but it is too monotonous, not enough to attract great attention at national level . ” Frowning and thinking for a long time, Hu Feng had a rather bold and exaggerated identity background . The mysterious exercises that this secret martial arts master practices is from his lover Lin Qingxue . Lin Qingxue, whose real name is Qinglan, is a female disciple of Kunlun, a great master . Eight Allied Forces and the Japanese invaded China . The Chinese nation was trampled and abused by foreigners . It was even humiliated with a nickname ‘Sick Man of East Asia’ . When he just got secret martial arts from his lover, he wanted to challenge the foreigners but got shot directly by the Japanese army and almost died on the spot . In order to let him survive, Lin Qingxue searched for an ancient tomb, sealed his body in the coffin to recover, and sacrificed her treasure – a bronze lamp fueled by her love, to protect his soul and disappeared without a trace . 70 years passed . A group of tomb thieves took the detonator and shovels to unearth the tomb . The master was awakened, and he showed the Chinese martial arts with intrinsic strength in front of the national people . Everything started . Out of the tomb, since he didn’t age for the past 70 years . He tried to find his lover . Qinglan, a female disciple of mysterious Kunlun . The legendary lamp from Kunlun – lovers lamp! Throwing out such a big amount of information, Hu Feng didn’t believe that the country would remain indifferent! Chapter 20 <strong>Chapter 20: To the Extreme</strong>  Hu Feng’s plan was completed properly, and he began its implementation . The first step was to find a land that conformed to Feng Shui . Fortunately, in modern society, science and technology were well developed . Hu Feng didn’t need to consume a lot of fudge values to let the system scan the land . He could directly watch the satellite river map online . After a few hours of busy work, he found what he wanted . Xi’an, the ancient capital of the Six Dynasties, was known as the Oriental Emperor Valley . There was a stretch of mountains and rivers exactly like the arrangement of the Nantok Star . It looked like a long spoon, similar to the spoon that old man used, to drink alcohol . In the folk customs of China, the Big Dipper decided death, and the Nantok Star decided birth . The Nantok Star, in the Taoist culture, was also known as the six stars the compelled life . What Hu Feng wanted was to provide a strong evidence, to explain why he could live in the grave for more than 70 years when for the country started investigating the secret master of Minguo . That was to prove that the female disciple of Kunlun – Lin Qingxue did exist! After all, the land specially used for the burial of the body of the master was the proof! “System, this place in reality must not be discovered!” The space around was fluctuating . At the next moment, Hu Feng had showed up at the destination in stealth . In front of him was a vast mountain with various vegetation and trees, and vines and weeds everywhere . Hu Feng understood that from the satellite map, this was the layout of Nantok Star . “The feng shui pattern is done, and the next step is the ancient tomb . ” Hu Feng blinked and decisively communicated with the system, asking it to imitate the unearthed tomb from Qin and Han dynasties in the depths of Xi’an and to copy one . It cost 10,000 points of fudge value . A large tomb from the Qin and Han dynasties, which was 30 meters long from north to south and 22 meters long from east to west, appeared quietly in the mountains where Hu Feng chose . According to his requirements, the system also had a number of tomb structures with magnificent and complex painted murals . Beside the main room of the tomb was composed of three wooden blocks . In addition, there were stone statues of samurai, beasts and other guarded burial chambers, the sacred path, the gold and silver beads for funeral, silk clothing, copper lacquerware, Han Dynasty coins...; Hu Feng was ready to pretend to be the martial arts master of Minguo, and to lie in the main coffin that was dug up . Each inch of it was made of wood with anti-corrosion and insect-repellent, the outer layer was solemn, the inner layer was magnificent, and the monsters were engraved in different sizes to symbolize the longevity . Then, Hu Feng consumed another 5,000 fudge values to create a meteorite from outer space . He made a Chinese ancient palace lantern with it, engraved with a large number of runes . The outer layer was also plated with a layer of bronze and patina . Looking at it from afar, this lantern must be loved by the owner . The surface was rounded and had a bright luster . “This lamp is the lover lamp, burned by the love . It comes from Kunlun . It belongs to his female disciple . ” “The concerted lights will be automatically extinguished when the thieves break in . Unless they can find the tears of true lover in the heaven, the light will not be lit up again . ” Laughing, Hu Feng had an idea . Suddenly, the lover lamp flew to the top of the main coffin . There was no fuel in the lamp, but a faint flashing candlelight could be clearly seen automatically . “The feng shui pattern of the mountains and rivers, the arrangement of the coffins of the Qin and Han dynasties, the sympathy of faint lights of the lovers lamp...;” Noticing that the preconditions of the martial arts master was almost ready, Hu Feng spent remaining fudge value on strengthening his camouflage and deformation . First of all, he needed a skill that allowed him change thousands of faces and body shapes as he desired . Hu Feng immediately consumed 3,000 points . The skill ‘camouflage’ poured into his memory . The details of various exercises were in mind, as if he had practiced in his previous life, it was hard to forget . “Become a fierce and strong man . ” He outlined his own appearance in his mind . In an instant, strange things happened! Hu Feng’s whole body made a loud noise, his bones were pulled up and the contours of the face suddenly changed...; Taking out the mobile phone screen as a mirror, and the first thing that caught his eye was a man with the height of 190 cm, a scar on his cheek . He looked very serious, and his arms were thicker than the common thighs . Trying to speak, Hu Feng heard – the voice of a completely strange old adult man . “Good skill . Change again!” In the following time, he continued to change . A gloomy thief, a fat office leader, a bloodthirsty underground professional boxing player, a silent and lonely youngster, a lovely kindergarten children...; No matter what kind of person, Hu Feng found that as long as he thought, he could vividly imitate them . There was only one problem . The ‘‘camouflage’ only allowed him to change into male characters . However, Hu Feng thought about it, and he didn’t care about it at all . He also needed to do something more important . That was to set up specific martial arts! Qinggong was necessary because it was so stylish choice . Thinking about it, Hu Feng decisively consumed 9,000 fudge points to create the skill ‘shrink’ . Stepping out, he could reach at least tens of meters away . If he had enough qi, it was possible to cross the horizon . Shrink the world, and everything would be near! As for the choice of internal power and external skill, Hu Feng considered that since he was a master, the ordinary martial arts were not enough to highlight his strength . Simply consuming 50,000 fudge values at a time, he create the skill ‘train’ that originally belonged to the novelist’s fantasy . “Train the skin” “Training the flesh” “Training the muscles” “Training the bones” “Training the internal organs” “Training the bone marrow” “Change the blood” Ultimately he reached the extreme! He couldn’t be harmed . He could smash the void if he wished . He could detect any change in 10,000 meters, even the ambush of any person . He was immune to all the hot weapons except the massive nuclear bombs . The original fudge value dropped to only 5,509 points left . But Hu Feng didn’t care at all . Because he had already reached the extreme! Boom! There was a sudden thunder and rain poured . “Is this the extreme body? The physical strength becomes unlimited, the blood becomes strong, and the five senses becomes developed...;” Hu Feng took a breath . He felt his body so light and energetic, for the first time . In the storm, he was dry, as if the world preferred him and deliberately created an invisible shackle to block the rains . But if you looked into in, you would find that this was not the case . Before the raindrops fell on Hu Feng, they have been evaporated by his qi! Looking at Hu Feng’s eyes, they were bright and clean . In the depth of his pupils, there seemed to be a vast starry sky, which made people deeply sink into it . “I actually have a feeling . If anyone is malicious to me now I can detect it . If he mentions my name, I can detect who he is, where he is, how many other people are around him...; It is a little bit magical!” Hu Feng smiled . He was shocked by his abilities . Chapter 21 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 21: First Time in A Coffin</strong>  Now was not the time to explore his ultimate strength . He had to carry out the plan to fool the people of the country . Thinking, Hu Feng consumed a little fudge value . He turned around at the same place, and the original modern dress immediately became a kind of black robe with excellent workmanship and smooth silk . No collar and wide cuffs, it was similar to Yip Man’s dress in the movie of Wing Chun . The first time he entered the coffin, he was a little nervous . His eyes turned to the closed coffin in the tomb . With a thought, the coffin cover weighing 300 kilograms creaked and then was suspended in the air . Stepping out, the distance of dozens of meters to the tomb was like nothing . Hu Feng lay in the coffin . At the next moment, the cover of the coffin suspending in the air dropped . The lovers lamp with bronze patina on the surface and the meteorite inside, was flashing with weak light and still standing on the coffin . Closed in the narrow coffin, Hu Feng didn’t have the pain of suffocation because of the lack of oxygen . His eyes were slightly opened . Surrounded by dark and dull environment, in his opinion, though his appearance didn’t change, his inner life form was no longer an ordinary human being . Not to mention a little air problem, even staying in the coffin for hundreds of years without food, Hu Feng would only be weak but not starve to death like ordinary people . The camouflage started working . Lying in the coffin, his whole person began to change quickly . Not long after, a young man of about twenty-seven years old, with a slender and strong body, extraordinary temperament, a handsome face and a tall nose, showed up . With a few coughs, Hu Feng had become accustomed to the deep, powerful voice, and the new identity he had set for himself! From now on, I am in love with Lin Qingxue, a female disciple of Kunlun . But because of my unsuccessful achievements, I wanted to clear the humiliation . I took the initiative to challenge the Japanese army, but was killed . I am Meng Jingyu! “Next, I probably should consume a lot of fudge values to search for antique merchants, tomb thieves and other guys in the nearby black market . ” “Use psychological suggestion to stimulate their greed, let them ‘inadvertently’ find this closed underground tomb . ” “If I do this, will I consume too much? I only have a little over 15,000 . I can’t afford it...;” He wondered how to make people take the initiative to dig him out . However, one thing he didn’t expect happened! Rumble! The rainstorm caused mudslides in this mountainous area of Xi’an! The tumultuous mudslides not only caused many landslides, but also caused the ancient tombs that Hu Feng created to be cracked . The side burial chambers, the burial pits, the painted murals, and the tombs were all exposed . In the villages nearby in the highlands, villagers had noticed the unusual scene here . As the ancient capital of the Six Dynasties, under the land, it was possible that unknown ancient tombs of countless wealthy princes and officers were hidden here . Therefore, people were used to the situation of the tombs being exposed because of natural disasters . The rumbling sound of mudslide was gone, and some of the courageous villagers had already worn raincoats, carried bamboo poles, and gathered with shovel in their hands . Instead of reporting to the government, they liked to search first and take away the antiques in the tomb that could obviously be sold for a good price . After all, this ancient tomb was unusual! Despite being in the dark and dull coffin, Hu Feng’s perception was sharp! It was easy to detect these villagers slowly gathering in their own places and walking over from kilometers away . Hu Feng originally wanted to give them psychological hints and persuade them not to come . But he thought that instead of spending a lot of fudge value to find the tomb thief to dig himself out, it was better to let these villagers bring their own tools to do it . Anyway, what he wanted was just to be witnessed that he was the secret martial arts master who came out of the grave! Hu Feng lay leisurely in the coffin . His perception easily went through the soil, like a live broadcast, he watched the villagers digging . When they first saw the huge pattern of the cracked ancient tomb, the villagers were simply ecstatic . Everyone couldn’t care about the mudslide that might happen again . They rushed over and picked up the funerary objects . Even when Hu Feng first created the ancient tomb, he did prepare a variety of things . But considering the number of the villagers in front of him, the funerary objects were obviously not enough . Gold and silver beads, jade ornaments, silk woven clothing, copper lacquerware, Han Dynasty coins...; Everything that could be taken away from the tomb was finished, but there were many villagers who just arrived and got nothing . It was unfair! Everyone found the ancient tomb . How could they go home without any treasure? Holding an indignant attitude, some villagers loudly threatened that they wanted funerary objects, or they would immediately call the police, so then no one would get anything! Some latecomer who gained nothing simply stood out and supported them, threatening others to share some antiques, otherwise they should give them to the country! After arguing for a while, finally the village chief came up with an idea . “Everybody! The rule is that whoever comes first gets it!” “Damn! If you don’t give us today, I will call the police and nobody would get it!” “Yes, or I will immediately call 911!” Someone had already taken out the phone, ready to call 911 . The village chief quickly dissuaded them . “Why are you so angry? We all live in the same village . In fact, you may not know that the most precious and valuable thing in this ancient tomb hasn’t been dug up yet!” “Think about it . Is the stuff buried with the tomb valuable?” “We searched for a long time in this place, but at most we found things outside the coffin . If we dig out the coffin, and the treasures will be enough for us!” Observing the facial expressions of everyone around, the village chief immediately added . “I can promise that as long as the coffin is dug out, you can choose everything first . Those who have already picked up the antiques should choose later . ” After the speech, it immediately evoked the interest of the villagers who gained nothing . Chapter 22 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 22: What Time Is It Now?</strong>  “We will pick it first, but why should you continue to choose?” Thinking a little bit, some of these villagers were firmly opposed to the village chief’s idea . “Well, how about, after finding the main burial room coffin, you get 60% . ” “No, look at the heavy antiques in your hands . You still want more?” The village chief was also annoyed . “70% . This is the limit!” But a tempered person jumped out with a sickle . “Don’t be silly, okay?” “Only stupid people will make deals with you . We want all!” Suddenly, it was once again chaotic . Hu Feng almost fell asleep . When can you dig me out? After more than half an hour of arguing, hundreds of villagers finally reached an agreement . The one who hadn’t got anything could get 80% and have to priority to the antique treasures in the coffin . The villagers who had already harvested the antiques in the tomb must help, to dig together to find the main tomb . Hundreds of iron shovels were digging . Everyone was sweating . Finally, under the hard work of so many people, the coffin that Hu Feng lived in was finally seen again . “Wow! This coffin has been buried in the tomb for so many years, but this copper lamp was still burning all the time . “It’s amazing!” When the coffin was just unearthed, some villagers noticed the faint fire of the lovers lamp . They suddenly screamed and shouted . But after more people turned to look, they didn’t find it burning . Not only did it have no lamp oil, but the copper lamp looked even more quiet . What burning? “Seriously?” “Are you crazy? You just saw the copper lamp on the coffin, and you think it’s a valuable?” But some villagers, who also noticed the burning of copper lamp held the opposite attitude . “I also saw the fire!” “Really! I’m not lying to you . ” It was clear that there was no lamp oil at all, but there were people who claimed that they saw its fire...; This incredible situation really made a lot of people secretly doubt whether there was something unclean in this ancient tomb . Some superstitious elders insisted on burying the coffin in the soil, so as not to violate the ghosts and gods . Hu Feng in the coffin smiled, and he tried not to laugh . In order to highlight the peculiarity, he made a weird setting . When the coffin was touched by outsiders, the weak flare would be automatically extinguished . “The sky is clear . What a clear sky?” The village chief was busy cheering on everyone . “The coffin is in front of everyone, and a whole layer of antique treasures are inside . If we don’t open it, it is wasting our time . ” In the face of possible ghosts, and the coffins filled with antiques, most of the villagers chose the latter without much thinking . The village chief then selected a dozen young and self-promoting adults, and then began to work together to open in . The copper lamp seemed fearful . All the men stayed far from it, as if the copper lamp didn’t exist . “One, two, three!” “Up!” With steel shovels, sticks and ropes, they shouted and cooperated to open it . The coffin cover ‘sealed for many years and full of dust’ was finally opened by the villagers . “Hey! Let’s see how many antiques are there inside . ” Putting down the tools, the village chief and others came over and squatted over the coffin . Being cautious, they all took off their shirts and dipped them into water to cover their nose and mouth . According to those superstitious elders, this could avoid the possibility of poisoning in the coffin . With a glance, all the onlookers were stunned! There was no vomiting corpse smell and layers of buried funeral gold and silver antiques...; Inside the wide coffin, there was only one young man lying straight and wearing a black gown . He looked alive . His skin was clean, there was no rotten smell, his hair was normal, and his eyes were slightly closed . If they didn’t dig out the coffin themselves, the village chief and others wouldn’t have believed it . This wasn’t a strong young man who fell asleep, but an ancient corpse from other dynasty! It was too scary! This situation shocked so many villagers around, and made them fall back . “This corpse is very evil!” “Isn’t it a zombie?” “In short, we must deal with this quickly! My wife and children are so scared! If the coffin remains, they dare not stay in the village to sleep . ” “Burn the body and coffin with petrol?” “No . The coffin wood is very strong, it can be used to make a bed or a door!” “The body and the grave is so strange, and you still want to keep the coffin to make a door . Do not want to live?” Deliberately keeping women, children, and elder far from the coffin, the village chief and other adults squatted in place and started smoking, to discuss what to do . Ah! Wondering, the village chief and others suddenly heard a cry . Looking up, it turned out that their wives and children were trembling and screaming . “What? Don’t you see that we are busy?” The village chief stood up and groaned . However, the village chief immediately discovered that the women and children looked more and more frightened, especially his own wife . She even pointed to him, and she was scared that she started murmuring . “Fake...;fake! Run!” Not waiting for the village chief to turn around, a strange hand had already reached his shoulder . Looking at the people around him, all of them looked pale and shouted . “You son of a bitch, don’t run away . Come here and save me!” The village chief sounded terrified . But even so, he couldn’t escape . Because the hand on the shoulder firmly fixed him in place, not only he couldn’t move, but he had no strength to turn around . Looking at the villagers running crazily, until they had all gone . His heart beat fast, the village chief now felt the first time in his life what it was like to die! Just as the village head had completely stopped struggling, what the body said behind suddenly pulled him back to reality . “Excuse me, where is here? What do you mean by this dress? Am I saved by you?” The village chief only felt confused . The young body in the coffin actually went to the front and started saying something strange . “Are you a man or a ghost?” The village chief’s teeth were trembling . At this moment, Hu Feng gave full play to his personal acting skills . His face looked puzzled . He shook his head and asked . “What do you mean by saying this? Of course I am a human! Touch my hand if you don’t believe me . ” Gently touching his palm, it was warm . At this moment, the village chief finally let out a sigh of relief . He wiped off the sweats on his forehead . He looked at Hu Feng and said . “Because you just got dug out by us from the coffin! I dug it out!” “You don’t believe it? This is the coffin!” “How is it possible?” Hu Feng kept shaking his head . He looked at the coffin pointed by the village chief, and his face looked shocked and surprised! “Is it 1937? Where is the Japanese occupied China’s territory now? Who is the president of the Republic of China today?” The village chief was shocked . “Which age do you come from?” “The Japanese have surrendered unconditionally in 1945! Now there is no more president of the Republic of China, but only a new China!” “How many years have you slept in the coffin?” “What?” Hu Feng’s eyes widened to the limit . And his facial expressions kept changing . From confusion, madness, joy and gratification . I really need to perform delicately and exquisitely the emotions of a secret martial arts master of Minguo, who got awakened from from the grave . Hu Feng was amazed by his performance! Chapter 23 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 23: Why this happened to me?</strong>  “Are you from the War of Resistance Against Japan’s time...;” The village chief had been completely stunned by his performance . He really thought that Hu Feng was from Minguo . He calculated the time . “In 1937, the Japanese invaded Lugou Bridge, now it is 2018...; so are you at least 81 years old?” Being shocked by his age, the village chief looked up at him again in shock . “God! You look young, but you are as old as my grandfather?” “Well...;I only remember that I fell asleep in pain, how can I wake up 81 years later?” “81 years...;I can’t go back...;I can’t go back...;” “Grandpa, l am sorry . I can’t accompany you...; Qingxue, I am sorry . I can’t live with you for the rest of your life . I can’t live up to the vows that I agreed with you...;” Hu Feng pretended to be helpless and distressed, muttering to himself with a tone that sounded like it was difficult to accept his own status . He trembled when he talked as if he was immersed in the old times . The atmosphere became suppressing and heavy . The village chief seemed to be infected by his emotions . He didn’t fear him anymore . He said with comfort . “The world is unpredictable . Meng Jingyu, don’t be sorry . ” The village chief wanted to call him ‘young man’, but he thought that he was enough to be his grandfather, so he changed it right away . “Why this happened to me?” Hu Feng’s face looked helpless . Suddenly, he seemed to recall something important and turned to look at the village chief . He said urgently, but full of expectations . “Old man, you said that I was dug out of the grave, do you have any special items in the tomb?” Although being called ‘an old man’, but when he saw his sincere desire and his long-awaited look, the village chief couldn’t bear to refuse . “I really don’t know what special items are there...;” “It is the coffin that you were lying on before . As for other gold and silver antique funerary objects, we have taken most of them away . You can see it yourself . ” Following the village head, Hu Feng carried a hope to the coffin . At the next moment, he was so excited that he immediately took the copper lamp on the coffin . He touched it over and over . “This is the personal treasure that Qingxue always cherished . She must have left it when I was buried!” “It was because of this that I didn’t rot in these 81 years, and was even able to wake up...;” The village was stunned . Hu Feng said energetically . “Qingxue, she is a disciple of Kunlun, and it was absolutely impossible for her to die . I could wake up with the treasure, so she must be alive!” “I want to find her! Get her love back!” The village chief felt that he was going crazy because of series of ridiculous things today, but when he saw Hu Feng eager to try, he couldn’t help but ask . “How can you find her?” “You only need to find the Taoist priest who knows the eight diagrams, or the Buddhist disciple with special skills . ” Hu Feng sincerely grabbed the arm of the village chief . “Please accompany me . We will travel all over the rivers and mountains . It will last for three or five years, or maybe eight or nine years, but we will find them!” The village chief was confused . But he quickly and desperately refused . “This is impossible! I don’t have the time to go with you . Meng Jingyu, you need to go yourself!” “Myself?” Hu Feng was puzzled . “The world is big, I I really don’t know where to go . ” The village chief desperately wanted to get rid of him . The village chief suddenly took out his own smartphone and turned on the screen to him . “With this map . Just type where you want to go, it will give you a navigation route map . ” Hu Feng shook his head . “What is this in your hand? How do you type?” “This is a mobile phone . It is a communication tool that we can use to connect with people thousands of miles away . It has a lot of functions...;” “You used traditional Chinese characters in the old times . We are using simplified characters now . Everything is simple...;” With the patience, the village chief quickly explained it to him . “Please teach me how to use the mobile phone and simplified characters!” If he wasn’t a mysterious figure coming out of the grave, the village chief really wanted to slap his face . In modern society, children aged five or six could become proficient in using mobile phones! As for the simplified characters, ordinary people had to learn for a few years . Meng Jingyu, you are from the War of Resistance Against Japan time, now you need to learn simplified characters in a short time? Meng Jingyu, are you kidding? “Please teach me!” Hu Feng repeated again . With anger, the village chief began teaching him how to use his mobile phone . The idea of the village chief was very simple . In the past, a guy who had been out of business for decades would face difficulty soon . He only needed to teach him a little and let him know that it was too difficult for him . However, things didn’t go out as he expected . At the beginning, under the gaze of the village chief, Hu Feng was like a primitive man who tried to ignite the first time in prehistoric civilization . He was highly cautious and focused, patiently following his instructions . But very soon, in just a minute, the village chief found that he had nothing to teach him! Meng Jingyu actually remembered all the functions of the mobile phone . No matter it was the slide screen, fast dial-up, or restart standby, he learned it all . “Please teach me simplified Chinese characters!” “Okay...;” The village chief was a bit skeptical that whether he was a modern person, or is Meng Jingyu was a modern person? When the village chief learned how to use smartphones, it took three or four days to understand how to use various functions! Meng Jingyu’s talent for learning to use a mobile phone seemed to be entirely applicable to simplified characters . For any simplified Chinese character, as long as he wrote it out and said what it meant, Meng Jingyu could remember then . In just a few minutes, the village chief explained to him chaotically, but Meng Jingyu had easily learned more than 1,800 simplified characters! It could be said that apart from those rare words, Meng Jingyu, a member of Minguo, was now no longer illiterate, and had already joined the modern society . “I should repay!” “But I only want to look for her . I will repay in the future . ” “Farewell!” Putting away the lovers lamp, Hu Feng left quickly . Standing in the same place for a long time, the village chief came out of his trance . Looking at the distant horizon where no figures could be seen, he touched the empty pockets . Then the village chief couldn’t help but shed a few drops of tears . Then, his angry voice sounded all over the mountains and rivers . “Come back! Give me back my mobile phone!” Chapter 24 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 24: Into Chongyang Palace!</strong>  After receiving a call from the villagers that claimed that an underground tomb was unearthed in the middle of the mountain, and that the body inside the coffin came out alive, a large number of policemen drove over quickly . However, at the moment, Meng Jingyu, the incarnation of Hu Feng, had already left . Coincidentally, the village chief down the hill just happened to bump into the police officers who heard the news . “Mr . Policeman, what I said is true, I swear to God!” The village chief pointed his finger to the sky . He couldn’t wait to swear that what he said was truth . “That’s good, I will repeat everything you explained to me!” Officer Huang, who led the team, looked at him as if looking at a mentally retarded person . “About an hour ago, because of the geological disasters such as mudslides, an ancient tomb was exposed to the surface, and all the villagers came to pick up the treasure . Because of the unevenness, you argued for a long time and finally reached a deal . Then you began to dig the grave out to collect treasure...;” “When digging into the coffin of the main burial chamber, some of you found a weird lamp that could still be ignited without lamp oil...;” “Then in the coffin you dug out, there was a body who looked like a living person . The body suddenly became alive and claimed to be a person of Minguo . He not only didn’t hurt you, but also asked you how to use your mobile phone and learned modern simplified characters . When he left, he took your phone away...;” “Mr . Policeman, is there anything wrong with this? This is what I experienced, I said it all!” The village chief frowned and asked . Repeatedly looking at him, Officer Huang questioned him . “Do I look like an idiot?” The village chief shook his head decisively . “No, you look normal . ” “That’s good!” Waving his hand, Officer Huang gestured to the police officer behind him . “Bring this criminal suspect back and interrogate him!” “I suspect that this is a premeditated theft of the ancient tombs!” “The village chief deceived the villagers with a fake body, immediately took away the body, and sold them to other places . ” “In Xi’an, among the tomb thieves arrested every year, there are many people selling bodies . The more complete the bodies are, the higher the price they can be sold abroad!” Before the village chief could struggle, he had been forced to sit in a police car . Watching him leave, Officer Huang looked at his partner in the criminal investigation department . “Zhang, what about the information about the stolen bodies? Did you collect anything?” “Some villagers have taken pictures with mobile phones when they opened the coffin . The appearance of the corpse is clear . ” The partner took out a stack of photos that had just been washed out . It was Meng Jingyu closing his eyes and sleeping on the photos . “Back at the police station, we can issue a national network of wanted orders with backstage processes . We can call on the departments in the country to find someone smuggling the body and decisively intercept it . ” “Well, this well-preserved corpse is really a rare treasure in our archaeological history . ” Officer Huang nodded with satisfaction . “I remember that back in the 80’s, the 1000-year-old female body that wasn’t rotted in Mawangdui Han Tombs cannot even be compared with the male corpse we found today!” “As long as we can find this male corpse, we will definitely be promoted!” Officer Huang and others couldn’t expect that ‘male body’ they tried to find had now sneaked into the famous Taoist temple in Shaanxi – Chongyang Palace . Chongyang Palace wasn’t simple . Its full name was Chongyang Wanshou Palace . It was the holy place of Taoism of the world . This was the place where Wang Chongyang repaired and practiced Tao in his early years and his bones were buried in his later years, also known as Tao Palace . In addition, despite the great influence of Jin Yong’s martial arts novels, the true religion was still quite famous among Chinese people today . The famous scenic spots ‘Tomb of the Living Dead’, ‘Tomb of Chongyang’, and ‘Seven True Hall’ were widely known . Hu Feng felt that he was now playing the role of this Meng Jingyu . Since he wanted to find Taoist and Buddhist monks to help him find his partner Lin Qingxue, how could he not come to Chongyang Palace to give a try? In the ticket hall at the foot of the mountain, many tourists were waiting in line for sightseeing . In a black long gown, with long hair, Hu Feng didn’t wait in line like ordinary people . He tipped his foot gently and jumped easily to the top of the fence where people lined up, then rushed forward like a dragon . In order to show the visitors this moves, Hu Feng deliberately suppressed the speed to a very slow degree . But even so, in just a dozen seconds, he rushed to the front of the team, from the end of the queue . Without the protection of any rope tools, he walked easily at the top of the fence, which shocked numerous tourists! “God, who is he?” “Is he a martial arts master? It’s difficult for cats to walk on a narrow fence . How can he do it?” “I have already uploaded it to Tiktok . Oh, I can feel that it will go viral!” “Is it a popular stunt actor arranged by the office to create an atmosphere? When I came to Chongyang Palace a few years ago, why didn’t I see it then? Is it new?” “Mom, is he performing acrobatics?” Witnessing Hu Feng calmly passing the top of the queuing fence quickly, a child who came to Chongyang Palace with his parents looked up at his back and asked curiously . But his parents, at this moment, were also stunned . They looked shocked and confused . “Daddy and mother don’t know either...;” For the exclamation of these tourists behind, Hu Feng smiled and didn’t respond, but jumped into the ticket hall . “Is here the road heading to Chongyang Wanshou Palace?” Hu Feng pointed to the entrance to the ticket hall and asked . Because the ticket seller was in the hall, he didn’t seem to have seen his amazing feat at all . He turned and answered . “It is right here, but the cable car has just started . You have to wait . ” “Thank you . ” Getting an accurate answer, Hu Feng smiled and then went straight to the cable car entrance . He didn’t buy a ticket . Noticing that he wanted to get in, several security guards in the hall quickly came over and stopped . “What are you doing? Don’t mess around, get out!” Without answering, Hu Feng’s shoulders shook slightly . An invisible force rushed towards them . Before the security guards could get close enough, they all fell down . At the next moment, on the horrified looks of the tourists and staff, Hu Feng jumped forward and took a few steps, then stepped on one of the steel ropes of the cable car to move quickly and carelessly . On the cable several kilometers from the ground, Hu Feng didn’t rely on any protective tools . After he kept the balance, he advanced toward the top of the mountain at high speed . At this moment, inside and outside the ticketing hall, the whole scene was silent, and people could even hear the sound of each other’s heartbeat . Chapter 25 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 25: Born Too Early!</strong>  But very soon, when Hu Feng left, people who came out of their trance started shouting loudly! In particular, the security captain who stood up first shouted at the security guards . “Did you see that?” “That man, no, that martial arts master didn’t even touch us, but an inexplicable force just knocked us down...;” “This must be the legendary skill! It hurts people secretly, so amazing!” “Yes! Who knows what the name of this martial arts master is and where he lives? I want to be his apprentice . I will be willing to pay tuition!” Although middle-aged, he still worshipped the martial arts novels . He kept jumping, from time to time, he also mimicked the classic action of Bruce Lee, making people laugh . “I am sure! This is definitely not an actor who is filming . No director, no crews, no cameras...; For such a thin cable, let alone standing on it, I am even afraid to look at it!” “Husband, slap my face . I suspect that I haven’t woken up yet...; Really, for the first time in my life, I saw an authentic martial arts master!” Even the manager of the scenic spot was busy calling the leader at the moment . “Just now there was a tourist who might be a martial arts master . Not caring the dissuasion, he forcibly entered the entrance of the cable car passage, stepping on a cable upwards the mountain!” “What, today is not April Fool’s Day . Don’t be kidding...;” “But I am really not kidding . We have seen him . He was faster than the cable car . It is estimated that he will reach the top of the mountain in three or four minutes!” In the Chongyang Wanshou Palace, the Taoist priests lived in the same way as in the past . Some gave the tourists lots of notes, and some quietly meditated . More Taoist priests gathered in the Lingguan Hall, sang poems to the tourists, presented the tributes to the table in public, and performed their rituals to God . After receiving the news from the manager of the ticketing hall, the director of Chongyang Palace Scenic Area didn’t believe it at first, but he repeatedly emphasized it . He took a group of staff and waited at the exit of the cable car to see if it was true or not . “Coming!” “Look over there!” “Damn, there is a martial arts master stepping on cable!” “Wow! He has no protection on his body, and there is no protective net under the cable . He either had great skills or is not afraid of death!” There were several workers pointing at the cable not far away and shouting . “Wow!” The director was stunned . He even opened his mouth widely . Seeing a group of people wearing uniforms at the scenic area around the entrance . They seemed to be waiting for him, Hu Feng jumped off the cable and stepped on the ground . Before they could react, Hu Feng stepped out, and reached thirty or forty meters away . He easily left the entrance . Not even looking at the staff behind him, Hu Feng pretended to be serious, and he reached dozens of meters away every step straight towards the first hall of the Chongyang Palace, the Lingguan Hall, where many priests and tourists gathered! In the Hall of Spirits, the Taoist priests had set ten directions on the altar, including east, west, south, north, southeast, southwest, northeast, northwest, up and down . They also tied red ribbons on the altar as blessing . In front of many tourists, the priests also posted the yellow papers on the altar, and ignited 72 paper lanterns around it...; Pigs, cows, and lambs were placed on the table . Grains, vegetables, and fruits were piled up . In the center of the space surrounded by people, 16 priests in Taoist vests walked . An elderly priest holding a handwritten note which was one foot three inches long, shook his head and recited poems to pray, for God . At the most critical time of ritual ceremony, the tourists suddenly made a loud noise and screamed over the old priests . “What? Didn’t you see that I was concentrating?” Annoyed, the elderly priest surnamed Qi frowned in the direction of the noise-stricken tourists . Subsequently, Priest Qi saw the shocking scene that he wouldn’t forget in his life! Like Moses separating the sea, the dense tourists couldn’t help but squeeze to the left and right . It seemed that people consciously gave up a path with the length of dozens of meters long . Then, a young man stepped out, flashing to the center of the venue . “Am I dreaming? Did this guy just teleported?” “What? Is it a pre-arranged magic show?” “I saw him coming and fell involuntarily . Why?” Noticing the extremely exaggerated scene, not only were many tourists shocked, but the Taoist priests in Chongyang Palace were also stunned . After all, these Chongyang Palace Taoist priests knew that they hadn’t invited some famous magicians to show visitors the telescopic magic! Moreover, the priests were familiar to every inch of the Lingguan Hall of Chongyang Wanshou Palace . There was absolutely no secret prop that could teleport people...; Simply put, they were almost certain that it was definitely not a movie stunt! “You...;who are you? What are you doing in the Chongyang Wanshou Palace?” Priest Qi walked down the altar quickly towards Hu Feng . Looking at the audience, Hu Feng’s sharp looks made it difficult for many people to look at him . Seeing this elder Taoist priest coming, Hu Feng arched his hand and bowed . He looked forward and said . “I’m Meng Jingyu . Today I come to visit because I want to ask a person who is proficient in eight diagrams or Lo Shu Square . I hope he can help me look for my wife, Lin Qingxue...;” When he said this, Hu Feng tried his best to activate ‘train’ . Suddenly, the Taoist and tourists gathered around him felt that every time he spat out a word, there seemed to be an invisible hammer knocking on their hearts . People couldn’t help but feel his feelings . Everyone at this moment could detect his affection that he tried his best to find his lover . Even an indifferent person who only cared for himself couldn’t help but sigh and ask why this happened to him! Some female tourists who were rich in emotions and usually watched Korean drama had already burst into tears . They looked at Hu Feng with deep sympathy and regret . They were sympathetic to his lonely figure . They felt sorry that their boyfriends or husbands didn’t have such unreasoning passion! There were some middle-aged woman who were still eager for love . They couldn’t help but feel helpless . They repeatedly sighed that they were born too early...; Just coming out for a while, the infatuated and unique image of Meng Jingyu that Hu Feng gave, deeply impressed the people . Chapter 26 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 26: Depressed</strong>  What is martial arts? In the Warring States Period, people called it ‘fighting skill’ . From the Western Han Dynasty to the end of the Ming Dynasty, it was called ‘martial’ . After the Qing Dynasty, it was renamed ‘martial arts’ . At the end of the Qing Dynasty and the beginning of the Republic of China, with the awakening of the people’s wisdom, the national patriotism was growing, and it had a new name – ‘National Skills’ . Huo Yuanjia, Huang Feihong, Liu Zhensheng and other national masters were therefore known to the people . Now in China, the name of martial arts was no longer limited, but varied too . Martial arts, martial skills, kung fu, national art...; No matter how you called it, ordinary people would know what you meant . In real life, martial arts couldn’t be practiced with any internal force and instinct, there was no qi, and martial arts masters couldn’t fly . But with the promotion of writers of martial arts novelists such as Jin Yong, Gu Long, Liang Yusheng, the TV shows, and the online games, internal strengths, boxing, leg skill, swordsmanship, knife skill, stick skill, and light work were widely known . Many ordinary people were convinced that there were such martial arts in the world . So looking at Hu Feng who was dressed in the ancient wind gown and recalling his deafening and emotional speech, a large number of tourists around the Lingguan Hall felt that they were really lucky that they bumped into the legendary martial arts master . Some people who were very obsessed with martial arts games were quietly discussing what kind of martial arts he used? “It’s deafening when he talks, but you still feel his infatuation in his mind...; This must be Lion Roar!” A college student wearing glasses and a white shirt said . In order to convince his friends, he showed Baidu’s dictionary to them . “Lion Roar, deafening and thunderous!” “No, no, it should be Heavens Voice, attacking with voice!” “Are you an idiot?” They were about to fight . “Master, what I said was real! Can you ask the teachers who master the eight diagrams or Lo Shu Square to help me find my partner?” Unlike the tourists, Priest Qi, who was stared at by Hu Feng, had sweat on his nose . He didn’t know what to do . After staying in Chongyang Palace for so many years, Priest Qi knew well about the ability of other priests . All of them were experts in praying and rituals . But it was difficult to find a master who was proficient in eight diagrams and tortoises! After all, in this modern society, the monks and priests were almost normal occupations . They worked from 9 to 5 . They could even get married and have children! It was a bit different because it was related to religion . Looking at Hu Feng’s hopeful looks, Priest Qi wanted to confess that there were no such masters in the Chongyang Palace . But taking the tourists around into account, Priest Qi really didn’t want to destroy the reputation of Chongyang Palace in front of so many people . He then muttered . “Mr . Meng, I can understand the mood that you are eager to find your partner...; But we...;” “What? Please tell me...;” Hu Feng was doubtful, but seeing that Priest Qi refused to tell the reason, he thought of something . His figure flashed . Hu Feng had already stretched out the middle finger and index finger, and accurately put them on the wrist of Priest Qi . A violently heat flow appeared from his fingertips, and it went around Priest Qi’s body at extremely fast speed . When noticing it was finished, Hu Feng immediately put on an incredibly shocked face . “Are you really the disciples of Chongyang Palace? Why I can’t feel your qi, like an ordinary person who has never practiced Tao?” “As far as I know, the Chongyang Palace is a big school . If the disciples practiced the mastery of the Eight Diagrams and tortoises, there should be a sense of qi inside their bodies . it is absolutely impossible to be as empty as ordinary people!” Hu Feng’s voice was not as deafening as it used to be . However, his voice accurately went into the ears of every tourist, and it was still clearly audible . In an instant, the entire Lingguan Temple was silent . A large number of tourists simply felt unacceptable! If Meng Jingyu, the martial arts master, incarnation of Hu Feng, wasn’t here today, the tourists wouldn’t care about whether there was any practice in the Chongyang Palace . Because this seemed to be feudal superstition and fiction to them . But now, all kinds of incredible actions of Meng Jingyu showed that he was a really martial arts master! Moreover, this extraordinary martial arts master had always firmly believed that they taught eight diagrams and tortoises! In this case, how couldn’t the elder priests in the Chongyang Palace know nothing about it? It was really puzzling! Since this martial arts master Meng Jingyu said that they had disciples, was there any possibility that they had two divisions? Inside the Chongyang Wanshou Palace, and there were a group of well-trained, martial arts disciples! Priest Qi was already old, so he was just an ordinary person in charge of mundane affairs . It seemed to be justified . Many tourists were spontaneously thinking about it . As if verifying the guess for the tourists, Meng Jingyu, after testing the remaining dozens of Taoist priests with very fast speed, he finally couldn’t help but sigh again and shake his head . He frowned and asked . “Priest Qi, all of you are the ordinary people who don’t practice...;” “I wonder if you have two divisions . Can I meet the disciples inside?” “My partner Lin Qingxue is also a disciple of Kunlun . It is not difficult to track each other for the disciples, right?” A lot of Chongyang Gong disciples, including Priest Qi, almost cried! They had been in the Chongyang Palace for more than ten years . They were all the members . How did they have two divisions? Let alone the martial arts, even they had never seen people practicing qi! In the face of many tourists, Priest Qi looked uncomfortable . “There are no divisions . There is no practice of eight diagrams and tortoise . ” Hu Feng immediately put on a disappointed and painful look . “Well, I’m sorry...; . . I should look for someone else . I should leave now . ” Hu Feng wanted to show off in front of the tourists, emphasizing that he was really a martial arts master . At the moment, he didn’t return in the same way, but rushed straight toward the southwest corner . However, the tourists saw that there was only one waterfall that flowed down . There was no cable car or a stone path down the mountain . Hu Feng stepped on the rushing waters and slightly exerted the power of ‘train’ . His whole person wasn’t sinking on the surface of the water . He walked on the water surface of the waterfall toward the deep pool below . “Oh my God!” The tourists at the scene were shocked . Even some of them rushed over and took pictures with their mobile phones . Just taking a look, you would know that this was really a waterfall with rapid waterflow! “What is this martial arts? Floating?” “Impossible! Am I dreaming? How can he walk on the water?” “Ha, I took it all! I want to upload the video of this martial arts master . I will definitely get tons of subscribers!” In the shocked, awed, worshipping, and longing looks, Hu Feng’s figure disappeared quickly . There were only tourists, priests, and staff left in confused mood on the cliff . Chapter 27 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 27: Who the Body in the Tomb is?</strong>  In the meantime, at the scene where Hu Feng was unearthed by the villagers before, an archaeological team in Shaanxi Province was carefully exploring the excavation . Officer Huang and others were collecting all kinds of funerary objects taken away by the villagers before . From the morning to 3:00 in the afternoon, the outline of a small tomb was barely cleared . Bronze, jade, ceramics, bamboo slips...; Horseshoe gold, ligament gold, the gold the Han Dynasty emperor gifted to the officers, the old gold that officers produced...; There were about 100,000 tons of copper money...; The archaeological team leader holding the shovel carefully looked at the artifacts unearthed in each of the tombs in front of him . Combined with the calculation of the soil year, he was 100% sure that this was a large-scale, well-preserved Han Dynasty tomb . But regarding the identity of the owner of the tomb, Captain Chu was really a bit confused now . “Officer Huang, please come over!” For a moment, Captain Chu felt the need to tell his doubts . Officer Huang, who was collecting the number of funeral objects, immediately came over . “Professor Chu, what’s the matter?” As he approached, he took out a pack of cigarettes and started smoking . He also offered Captain Chu to have one . Euphemistically refusing his kindness, Captain Chu pointed to the tomb that had been cleared out . “Officer Huang, we have already confirmed that this is a tomb of the Han Dynasty about 1700 years ago . The scale is huge, and the number of funerary objects is numerous, so the owner of the tomb was at least one of the officers in Western Han Dynasty...;” “Good, Han Dynasty is good!” Officer Huang was happy . He could almost see an honor was added on his personal resume . “But...;about the photo of the owner of the tomb that you gave us doesn’t seem to the ancient corpse from Han Dynasty?” Officer Huang almost jumped up and couldn’t help but yelled . “It can’t be wrong! Hundreds of villagers saw it . Although the body in the coffin was not rotten, and it looked like a living person, but it was the owner of the tomb!” “You can see the photo . ” Handing over a color photo, Captain Chu pointed at the clothing of Hu Feng, who was lying in the coffin, and asked . “Officer Huang, how can this black gown exist in the Western Han Dynasty? This cloth looks like the popular long-sleeved shirts of the Republic of China!” Officer Huang still couldn’t believe it . “This can’t be...; . this completely explains the problem? I remember that in Kong I Ji, a book written by Lu Xun, there were people wearing long-sleeved shirts sitting on the second floor of the restaurant, as well those wearing short-sleeved shirts sitting in the lobby . It is normal for the ancients to wear long gowns!” “Maybe a poor student in the Han Dynasty was buried with long gowns and a few pieces of copper coins . But there is never a wealthy person with such shabby burial!” Shaking his head with a wry smile, the captain of the archaeological team told his student to bring a stack of pictures . He looked through the catalogue and found the Han Dynasty costumes . He handed them straight to Officer Huang . “You see, the Western Han Dynasty pays attention to burial! Those wealthy officers still expected themselves to enjoy the same wealth and prosperity as before, inside the earth . ” “We cleaned up more than 400 pieces of horseshoe gold, gold toe gold, gold cakes, and musical instruments . There are at least 100,000 tons of coins . You know how wealthy these guys were...;” “It can be said that those wealthy ones still wear golden jade dresses when buried...; Without that ability, they wear silver enamel clothing made of copper coins and silver lines!” “...;” Officer Huang was completely speechless . He frowned and whispered . “Professor Chu, you mean...;” “This tomb is from Han Dynasty, but the body of the tomb owner has long been taken away by the tomb thieves from the Republic of China . Then, they might have killed each other because of uneven distribution . The corpse was killed by the tomb thief at that time?” “A thief from the Republic of China?” The captain shook his head and denied his inference . “No, no, our archaeological team has checked all the places in the vicinity . There are no traces of burglary . ” Officer Huang scratched his head . “Then how about the body wearing clothes from the Republic of China? Where did the real corpse go?” “Oh, I am also confused!” Captain Chu couldn’t explain . When they were confused, a police officer suddenly came over and stammered to report an amazing news . “Leader Huang...; The ancient corpse in the tomb was witnessed by many tourists in Chongyang Palace . His every move was like a martial arts master in the novels . Many people were filming!” Officer Huang doubted whether he had problems with his ears, or how could he hear such absurd news? “Are you sure that you are not mistaken about the content of the message?” “Leader Huang, here is the ultra-definition video sent from the network police . Take a look...;” Taking the tablet and clicking on the video to play, Officer Huang and Captain Chu immediately started watching . On the screen, an adult also wearing a black gown, who resembled the corpse in a coffin, claimed to be Meng Jingyu . He came to Chongyang Palace for searching for a person...; Fixing the picture, Officer Huang repeatedly zoomed in on the face of the youth . Then he compared the difference between him and the photo . Time passed by . Except having cold sweat on his back, Officer Huang did not discover any difference! The two were exactly the same! Captain Chu, who was also shocked, couldn’t help muttering to himself . “Resurrection? Is there such a weird thing in the world?” However . After a few minutes, the two looked at each other . They had read each other’s thoughts from each other’s eyes . This strange tomb and corpse must be reported to their superiors immediately . Chapter 28 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 28: Read . Execute!</strong>  In the poor mountainous areas along the Qinling Mountains in Shaanxi Province, an ancient tomb was discovered by the villagers due to a geological disaster . The local police and archaeological teams rushed to the scene and found out that the tomb was indeed an ancient tomb . In Eastern Emperor Valley, Shaanxi Province, the ancient capital of the Six Dynasties, thousands of ancient tombs had been verified by the examiner teams every year . Most of them had been visited by tomb thieves, or they were the tombs of ordinary ancient wealthy people . The ancient tomb dug by the archaeological team was an ancient tomb of the Han Dynasty . It had a large scale and covered an area of more than 40,000 square meters . It was well preserved and had more than 10,000 pieces of funerary objects . This could be considered a major archaeological discovery! Although everyone knew that every inch of land in Shaanxi Province might hide undiscovered ancient tombs, the tomb thieves prevailed in the past dynasties, it was absolutely amazing that the ancient tombs of the Han Dynasty could be preserved more than 700 years . However, considering this matter at a nationwide perspective, it was just a very common archaeological find . At most, it could be posted on a local newspaper in Shaanxi Province . The archaeological team was horrified to discover that there were no hidden holes in the construction of the tombs or the tomb craftsmen . The body in the ancient tomb of the Han Dynasty was gone, and a young man dressed in the costumes of the Republic of China was lying in the coffin . The most incredible thing was that the young corpse of the Republic of China, who was quietly lying in the coffin, appeared to be resurrected and strangely disappeared after dug out by the local villagers . A few hours later, in the Chongyang Palace, Shaanxi, thousands of tourists witnessed and filmed a video that this young man from the Republic of China asked the Taoist priests for help...; Now it went viral! In the ancient tomb of the Han Dynasty, the body in the coffins, was a young man from the Republic of China? The body from the Republic of China was resurrected? Thousands of tourists witnessed it and took a video to prove it? This news was reported, and the government staff who took over felt that it was incredible, and people couldn’t help wondering if they were in the materialistic society . Quickly, with the reports, the news finally came to the ‘National Special Affairs Investigation and Processing Bureau’, referred to as ‘National Special Bureau’ . At the time, the National Special Bureau, because it was only established for a few days, was still desperately secretly hiring personnel from all parts of the country . Inside the office building, Supercomputer Galaxy No . 7 was operating at a high speed in the form of keyword check search . The spooky news and supernatural events that were roughly found on the various networks by the Galaxy No . 7 were all presented on the internal network of the National Special Bureau . Hundreds of special personnel of the National Special Bureau in Beijing were looking at the computer screens and concentrating on viewing the internal network . From time to time, they selected valuable information or information that couldn’t be verified, and recorded them on the form . Finally, the form was handed over to the members of the National Special Bureau in the country, allowing them to conduct field investigations and verify the authenticity of the news . Although the National Special Bureau was very much valued by the president of the country, they were allowed to hire various resource personnel, the opinions of the other Politburo Standing Committees were also very clear —— The existence of the National Special Bureau was not allowed . As for the supernatural events exposed to people in China, they must strictly enforce the confidentiality code, minimize the impact of the blockade, and avoid propaganda and feudal superstition, which misled people’s ideology . To this end, currently the National Special Bureau called themselves externally that they were the special 21st section of the Ministry of National Security of China, referred to as the Independent Section 21 . Due to the hidden requirement, the national special security bureau mainly used supercomputers for personnel self-censorship, and the front-line staff needed to conduct field visits in order to verify numerous supernatural news on the Internet, as if finding the needles in the sea . The ghost stories elaborated by netizens, the supernatural news in private niche forums, the reports from the media, the centuries-old snakes and thunders in the storm...; Simply put, anything related supernatural events on the Internet was the target of the national special bureau . Suddenly, videos with various titles published on different platforms, but all of which involved the Chongyang Palace in Shaanxi, attracted the attention of the personnel of the National Special Bureau . 【Shock! The martial arts master appeared in Chongyang Palace】 【The priests in the Chongyang Palace couldn’t be compared with the martial arts master】 【Is it an artificial special effect or a film special effect? On the cliff waterfall in the Chongyang Palace, a young man walked on the water surface】 On the Guwu Forum, there was a post . “Seeking people! I found a martial arts master in the Chongyang Palace scenic spot . He looked like in his early twenties . Which master knows him? I want to be his apprentice! Here are the videos and pictures . ” On the martial arts forum . “Is there really a martial arts in the world that can refine the inner qi? I met a very young master in the Chongyang Wanshou Palace . I really want to be like him! Here is video of him . ” These videos were highly concerned immediately after being verified . At the same time, news from the Shaanxi Provincial Archaeological Team and the news that police discovered and reported, also spread over . Reading the two news, and the whole national special bureau was shocked! “This is the first supernatural event discovered since the establishment of the National Special Bureau . We must play great attention to deal with it!” The current director, Guo Zhaojian, assigned 70% percentage of the personnel to analyze it, in order to research on the young man in the video . As for the members of the national special bureau in the first line of the country, who were close to Shaanxi Province, they also received the orders from their superiors right away . They rushed to the tomb and blocked it for field trips . Other members of the first line who lived farther also needed to cooperate with the personnel . They needed to submit a short-term plan on how to verify the identity of the youth and confirm the authenticity of what he said . Two hours later, a plan from the Guangdong Provincial Special Bureau caused the Director Guo Zhaojian into contemplation . “From the archives of the archaeological team and the local police that interrogated the villagers, we can understand that the target who claimed to be a young man of the Republic of China seems to be have woken up and resurrected after many years, and at first he was shocked . But soon this unbelievable thing was attributed to his lover...;” “In general, anything that happened as long as often has clues...;” “So all of us in Guangzhou Branch agreed that assuming his lover Lin Qingxue really had such a magical means of resurrecting him after many years, there should be some traces in the site of the tomb...;” “Can you invite the famous Feng Shui master in Guangdong, Lai Bui, Wong Tai Sin Temple Temple in Hong Kong and the host of the Gaotai Temple in Wutai Mountain, to the scene to secretly assist in the investigation with their metaphysical experience?” Director Guo Zhaojian repeatedly thought about the feasibility of the program . Then he stamped the official seal on it . “Read . Execute!” Chapter 29 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 29: Rare Feng Shui Pattern!</strong>  (Feng Shui or feng shui, also known as Chinese geomancy, is a pseudoscience originating from China, which claims to use energy forces to harmonize individuals with their surrounding environment . ) In the Qinling area of Shaanxi Province, the villagers unearthed the tomb from the Han Dynasty of a young man of the Republic of China, who was suspected to be ‘resurrected’ . There had been a long warning line here, and the police officers transferred here were stationed 24 hours a day . Even when transporting the excavated waste soil by truck, the driver must show his entry and exit permit . As for the archaeologists responsible for cleaning the ancient tomb of the Han Dynasty, in addition to the first team coming here, there were also 17 national-level professional archaeological teams with a total number of 900 from the other regions . All members of the archaeological team were divided into two classes . Nine archaeological teams worked during the day . With the bright and glaring military searchlights at night, nine archaeological teams would continue their work . In the eyes of many archaeologists, the superior was simply going to completely sort out this magnificent Han Dynasty tomb with the shortest time! To this end, many archaeological team members who didn’t understand couldn’t help but complain many times . “What? No matter how precious a tomb from the Han Dynasty is, there is no need to be so urgent! It’s really troublesome for those stationed police officers to check the license every minute!” “Exactly! If we’re excavating the tomb of Emperor Qin, I can accept the arrangements of the superiors . But a tomb from the Han Dynasty...;ha . ” “There are at least 300 tombs of ordinary princes in the Western Han Dynasty . Except good preservation and tons of funerary objects, can you tell the difference?” In fact, these archaeologists didn’t understand . Due to the highly confidential treaty, not only they but also those guards knew nothing about the truth . It was noon that day . On the temporarily constructed landing airport runway, a military aircraft from Guangdong securely landed . The nearby archaeological team sneaked in and looked at them out of curiosity . A group of about thirty people, including men, women, children, and monks, who claimed to be the 21st Section of the Special Operations of the National Security Bureau, began to walk into the tombs that had been cleared . However, no one could understand who they were . Now Hu Feng had the magical ability to call for induction . At the internal meeting, the National Security Bureau repeatedly talked about the name ‘Meng Jingyu’ . Every time they called it, Hu Feng could see who they were, where they were, what the terrain around they were, and why they talked about him every half an hour . Therefore, the National Security Bureau thought they had secretly collected the metaphysical people and focused on the actions of the ancient tombs this time . But Hu Feng was already fully aware of it at the beginning . When this group came to their destination, Hu Feng, who was thousands of miles away, consumed a thousand fudge values to watch there every move . “Masters, it’s here . ” The leader of the team, Qin Wenhui, the head of the Guangdong branch . He pointed to the ancient tomb that fell in the mountains . These religious metaphysic people from different regions of China, who had already signed a Class III confidentiality treaty and seen the incident of ‘resurrected man of the Republic of China’ on the plane, nodded at the same time . Next . With a small circle of their respective capabilities, this group of metaphysic people began to look at them closely . “Qin, can you prepare me a helicopter?” “It’s very narrow from the ground . If I can have a look at the terrain from a high level, I can deduce better . ” Holding the Feng Shui compass, he quickly walked around the tomb . Master Luo, surrounded by several masters of the fellow Feng Shui masters, looked over and said . As the 27th generation descendant of Guangzhou Feng Shui Master Lai Bui, Master Luo was also a famous Feng Shui master . It was said that he had pointed out many domestic and foreign rich houses, sinister houses and companies . Qin Wenhui immediately contacted his superior and nodded slightly . “Master Luo, please wait . The helicopter will arrive in 15 minutes . ” Qin Wenhui also asked his subordinates to tell other metaphysic masters that they could propose, as long as they needed anything . As long as it was used in the exploration of this ancient tomb, he would never reject . After fifteen minutes . With the arrival of the helicopter, Master Luo and many other Feng Shui masters began to board the aircraft . Given that other metaphysic masters had no valuable discoveries . Qin Wenhui let them cooperate with the masters on the ground . Then he simply boarded the helicopter together and hovered for a few minutes at low altitude . When Hu Feng was almost impatient, Master Luo finally talked . “Qin, although here is surrounded by mountains, belonging to the Qinling...;” “It is difficult to find a river here . It is a typical Feng Shui pattern of poor mountains and rivers . If nothing is wrong, there are a lot of people living in the villages in this neighborhood, but they’re very poor, right?” Qin Wenhui was fooled by his speculation . Hu Feng only felt that it was a nonsense . After all, here was the mountainous area in the central western regions . It was inconvenient to get there, the economy was naturally not developing, and the natural water resources were scarce . With so many unfavorable factors, the nearby villagers of course were poor! As for Feng Shui pattern of poor mountains and rivers, Hu Feng would not even agree . The reason why he chose here was because he searched with satellite map and had a field trip according to the records of Feng Shui ancient books . The terrain here was perfectly in line with the Feng Shui pattern of the Nantok Stars, hence he chose here! “It seems that either Master Luo has unearned reputation, or that he read few Feng Shui ancient books . ” Thinking this way, Hu Feng suddenly smiled and had an idea! – He could prove that this place was extraordinary to the National Special Bureau with this Feng Shui master! Hu Feng consumed 200 fudge values . He sent a piece of Feng Shui pattern information to Luo’s mind . “Qin, the Feng Shui layout here is nothing...;” When Master Luo was about to jump to conclusions, he was suddenly attracted by the mountains below . In an instant, in the mind of Master Luo, he seemed to think of the rare Feng Shui pattern that he saw inadvertently when he was young! “Wait, don’t land! Fly over there, to the south!” Suddenly shouting at the pilot, Master Luo ignored the sullen face of several people accompanying him, and he looked excitedly . “What? Master Luo, what did you find?” Qin and others were surprised and happy . But after seeing Master Luo’s meticulous attention to the mountains, they kept quiet and didn’t dare to disturb . Chapter 30 <strong>Chapter 30: Don’t Try to Leave</strong>  Looking across the side of the mountain on a peak, it was different from each angle! Considering the same mountain range and the same terrain, every feng shui master had completely different conclusions . Those with limited abilities would only judge rigidly according to Feng Shui books . Those with extraordinary abilities could not only transform the wasteland according to local conditions, but also look at the essence through the phenomena, and discover the secret feng shui hidden by nature . In the past, Master Luo always believed that his reputation was well-known in Guangdong Province, and could be considered the best in his generation . But today . He was shocked to find that he almost made a mistake! “Almost wrong!” Looking down from the helicopter, Master Luo only thought that the ancient tombs of the Han Dynasty, located in the mountains, really had a unique charm . Looking at the mountains near the tomb, the mountain was very similar to a long handle . This kind of mountain and river trend was wonderful in Feng Shui, and it was often regarded as the image of Nantok Stars, which means longevity . In addition, although there were no obvious rivers and lakes in the mountains, there were many streams flowing around the tombs . This was the pattern of paradise . “This...;” Noticing this, Master Luo was shocked . Master Luo was fascinated and almost intoxicated . “Since I debuted at 16, I have researched on Feng Shui for more than 40 years . I couldn’t imagine that I would have the pleasure to see this before I retire . I have no regret now!” A few accompanying Feng Shui masters also desperately looked at the mountains below . In their impression, Master Luo had handled at least 10,000 cases . He had always been calm and cool . But now even he was so excited . Was this the feng shui pattern below really so remarkable? “Master Luo, may I ask if this Feng Shui is so good?” Keenly catching the point, Qin Wenhui couldn’t wait to ask . In the face of Qin Wenhui, the staff of the special bureau of the Guangzhou branch, Master Luo barely calmed his mind and explained . “Is it good? It should be said that it is a rare encounter of the millennium! The ultimate hidden Feng Shui!” “If it weren’t for that I remembered this Feng Shui pattern in the ancient books when I was young, I would have missed here and regretted my life!” “I’m 70% sure that the lover of Meng Jingyu from the Republic of China, prevented his body from rotting with this natural and rare feng shui pattern, so that he’s able to wake up after a few decades . ” “Wow, I’m really lucky this time!” Qin Wenhui was overjoyed and couldn’t wait to report this amazing discovery to his superiors immediately . The feng shui masters also surrounded him at the moment . They asked Master Luo to bluntly tell what the Feng Shui pattern was here, so that they could have a chance to learn . “Listen carefully . The name of the Feng Shui pattern here is...;” Before Master Luo said, he glanced at Qin Wenhui at his side, seeming to be checking something . Qin Wenhui knew what Master Luo’s looks meant . He immediately said . “Just say it, Master Luo . Everyone has signed a confidentiality agreement before they came, so they can understand this . ” With a positive answer, Master Luo became solemn and serious . “This place is so rare – Nantok longevity pattern!” In an instant, everyone was shocked and stunned . It could be said that except the huge noise of the helicopter, it was simply silence . Noticing that these people got fooled by the Feng Shui pattern he designed and selected, Hu Feng smiled . Hu Feng, who was in a good mood, simply decided to find something for them to do . “Next, let Meng Jingyu embark on the trip to Shaolin Temple!” Quickly withdrawing from the perspective of God, Hu Feng started . Shaolin Temple, Henan Province . The abbot, Shi Yongxin, was asking the monks to prepare for the summer Dharma class for successful people . Since the Shaolin Temple went listed in the United States, economic problems had almost been resolved . However, in order to continue to expand the influence of the Shaolin Temple, there must be fewer contacts in all walks of life . Therefore, the abbot Shi Yongxin, tried to start the summer Dharma training class . But he never thought about it . Just as Shi Yongxin was explaining the benefits of the summer Dharma training class, an uninvited guest suddenly arrived . This person was Meng Jingyu! “I, Meng Jingyu, come to visit Shaolin . I want to ask a Buddhist monk with great talents to help me find my wife, Lin Qingxue...;” Without extra words, Hu Feng repeated his words and deeds in the Chongyang Palace in front of the monks and a large number of tourists in the Shaolin Temple . The result was also obvious . Meng Jingyu, who was ‘disappointed’, couldn’t find any monk who practiced the true skills . It seemed that he could only return . But this time . An unexpected thing took place . At the very beginning . When he was preparing for the summer Dharma training class, Hu Feng broke into the temple and forcibly interrupted . The abbot, Shi Yongxin, walked out with anger and commanded the monks to beat him . So, when the monks kept saying ‘don’t try to leave’ . Meng Jingyu ‘had to’ once again reveal his own martial arts and fought against thirty monks at once in front of the tourists! In front of the tourists, after easily defeating 30 Shaolin Temple monks, Meng Jingyu’s figure rushed over . In a blink of an eye, he had single-handedly lifted Shi Yongxin, the fat monk, and walked quickly to the lotus pond . “You’re too angry now . Be careful of your liver . Take a shower in the pond to cool down!” Splash! After throwing Shi Yongxin into the lotus pond, Meng Jingyu leaped and left, as many tourists kept filming him . In modern society, information spread extremely fast . After a few minutes . Although the mysterious man who claimed to Meng Jingyu disappeared after making troubles in the Shaolin Temple, his various videos were also quickly uploaded to various websites . Less than an hour . The video of Meng Jingyu knocking down more than 30 monks, feeding the abbot Shi Yongxin with ‘water’, and flying away from the wall, went viral . The click rate was over 3 million, more than 400,000 people collected this video! Various reviews were constantly emerging . “According to the industry experience I haven’t been engaged in for many years, they must have used some post-production composite editing . Don’t be too serious . ” “Cool! He is my husband!” “Let me out! I don’t want to watch it anymore! But why can’t I stop watching? This video is addictive!” “Shocked! Is this a costume martial arts scene that has been filmed at Shaolin Temple? Was it released now?” At the same time . Hu Feng was also checking how much spiritual power he had accumulated . “The villagers in the mountainous areas of the Qinling Mountains of Shaanxi Province contribute the spiritual power +319 . 61, which is automatically converted into the equivalent amount of fudge value...;” “The staff of Chongyang Palace Scenic Spot contribute spiritual power +439 . 60...;” “More than a thousand tourists in the Chongyang Palace Lingguan Temple contribute spiritual power +3810 . 41...;” “The netizen uploading the video ‘The Master of Martial Arts in Shaolin Temple’ to Bilibili contribute spiritual power +15 . 03...;” Pulling the system notification on the data panel directly to the end . Total fudge value available: 110321 Hu Feng discovered that during this time, only those tourists who saw him on the spot or witnessed his martial arts were successfully fooled by him . They deeply believe that there were magical martial arts in this world . Most of the people watching the online video were purely for fun . They didn’t contribute any spiritual power . After deducting the 4408 points of the first fudge project, he earned only around 6,000 . He slightly crooned . Should I speed up the pace? Should I try to inform the country quickly of what Meng Jingyu wants, then formally contact them, and promote that martial arts really exist to the public with the power of the state? Stretching his body, Hu Feng turned his attention to the map . On that, there were many places that had been circled by himself – Hubei Wudang School, Sichuan Emei School, Jiangsu Maoshan Taoist Mountain, Jiangxi Longhu Mountain...; Chapter 31 <strong>Chapter 31: Time to Play with You</strong>  When the young man from the Republic of China, Meng Jingyu, first appeared inside the ancient tomb, he showed up in the Shaolin Temple . In the Beijing headquarters of the National Special Bureau, a high-level meeting specifically for him was initiated . Because of the merits of his report, Qin Wenhui was fortunate to participate . “Everyone, don’t be nervous...; In this conference room, we are all friends . All the documents and materials won’t be leaked out . Just say anything you want!” Director Guo Zhaojian began to bring the meeting to life . He first introduced himself . “Let’s introduce ourselves . I will start first . ” “I think everyone knows who I am . ” “I’m the director of the National Special Bureau, which has just been established for less than a week, also called the head of the 21st Section of the Special Operations Division of the National Security Bureau . I directly report to the President . ” “After this meeting, the record will be submitted to the chairman in the shortest possible time . ” After hearing this, everyone became energetic . Who doesn’t want to flatter? If the chairman can remember my name during this meeting, I will have a bright future . At the moment, according to the distance of their respective seats between Director Guo, the members also began to take the initiative to introduce themselves . With their Introduction, Qin Wenhui was almost stunned! The lieutenant colonel of the Tenth Tank Division from the First Army of the Beijing Military Region . Special Sniper in the Cambodian frontier, who had killed more than 20 drug dealers . The member of jury from the Supervision Department of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, awarded the highest professional title in psychology, who succeeded in persuading many criminals to surrender . The first-line female special agent from the General Staff of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army, who held the murder license...; From the branch of National Special Bureau, he was actually the most insignificant one! Qin Wenhui was now anxious, as he sold himself short . After all the introduction, Director Guo began to convey the secret documents, which was the information on the Feng Shui pattern of the ancient tombs that Qin Wenhui submitted . In addition, there were the records of the village chief, the video inside the Chongyang Palace, and the video of the Shaolin Temple . There were also the analyses from the think tank members, speculating from various angles why his body didn’t rot and why he could come out of the grave after decades . Obviously . The reason why Meng Jingyu, who claimed to be a young man of the Republic of China, not only shocked the special national bureau, but also attracted attention from high-level governments wasn’t only due to the martial arts he exhibited, but also the fact that he could live to this day, without any aging, muscle wilting, insect bites, etc . Though enclosed in the dark suffocating coffin, why didn’t he starve to death after decades, and was still able to stay so energetic after coming out? These incomprehensible questions attracted the elderly president, the Politburo Standing Committee and other seniors! After all, having the power of the state, they didn’t need entertainment, but time was ruthless . If there was an opportunity for them to remain as young as Meng Jingyu without fear of aging, why not? “If possible, be sure to establish contact with Meng Jingyu . We had better find out why he can live forever and stay young!” Although he didn’t say it bluntly, Director Guo knew it . Without the arrangements of the central government, he couldn’t recruit so many elites here to have special research seminar on ‘Meng Jingyu’ . Shaking his head slightly, he ignored those thoughts in his mind . Director Guo knocked on the conference table . “You’ve read all the files . Any ideas or suggestions? Feel free to say anything!” It was all silent for a while . The lieutenant colonel from the First Group Army said energetically . “According to the documents submitted by the local police, he seemed to have taken the mobile phone of the local village chief . Can we trace the mobile phone and accurately find out where he is?” “In this way, whether we want to communicate with him or directly arrest him, it will be much easier . We don’t have to be like a chicken with its head cut off . ” “Unfortunately, we have already tried your idea . ” Director Guo said with a smile . “When he first appeared in Chongyang Palace, we privately tried to position him with cell phone signal, but eventually found the phone only under the cliff waterfall in Chongyang Palace . ” When hearing this, everyone in the conference room frowned . But very soon . The woman who held the murder license and worked for secret intelligence stood up and stared at Director Guo . “Why don’t we directly consider the issue from his perspective?” “From the conversation he had with the local village chief and the fact that he showed up in the Chongyang Palace and the Shaolin Temple...;” “The young man only wants to find a Taoist or monk who is proficient in finding people, to help him find his mysterious, disappearing lover . ” “So, I think if we want to communicate with Meng Jingyu next time, or simply arrest him directly, we’d better start from the aspect of ‘seeking people’ . ” Director Guo still looked indifferent . “The think tank has also analyzed this, but we don’t know where the Taoist priests and monks who are proficient in eight diagrams are . ” “In these days, we have visited the major religious sects in China in the name of the National Security Bureau . Whether it is Maoshan Taoist, Longhushan, or Wutaishan Bumen, Nanhai Guanyin Buddhist Temple...; everyone said that there’s no such extraordinary ability . ” “Even if we have conducted many private investigations and read the classics before and after the founding of the People’s Republic of China, we can only come to a conclusion that those religious sects in the country aren’t acquainted with these . ” When Director Guo said this, no one in the conference room talked again . Time passed by . Though everyone was thinking, the meeting seemed to be in a deadlock . Director Guo looked over the faces of everyone . When he saw Qin Wenhui, he suddenly noticed that the latter didn’t frown like other people, but he was eager to put forth his opinion . However, he didn’t seem to dare to speak . “Does this kid have any ideas?” Guo decisively shouted . “Qin! If you have an idea, stand up and say it! Even though it’s not mature, it’s fine . You can broaden our horizons . ” A little embarrassed to stand up, he saw everyone in the conference room looking at himself . Qin Wenhui was also a bit nervous at first, but when he thought that all the speeches today would be submitted to the president of the country, he took a deep breath and forced himself to speak calmly . “I personally think that we’re in fact misunderstanding now . ” “Why?” Guo and others were a bit confused . Taking out two photos of him in Chongyang Palace and Shaolin Temple respectively . Qin Wenhui said . “Let’s take a look . He went to the two major domestic sects in consecutive 2 days . ” “From this point, it can be seen that he is very keen to find his lover . Otherwise, he wouldn’t run all the way from Shaanxi to Henan . ” Qin Wenhui boldly assumed . “But he can’t trust the country, also he doesn’t know how to find people in the modern society . ” “So, he simply pinned his hopes on the Taoist priests and the Buddhist disciples...;” “This is what we have seen in the recent reality – he came to Chongyang Palace and Shaolin Temple with expectations, but left helplessly and sadly . ” Listening quietly, Guo and others felt that they almost understood what Qin Wenhui meant . “So I think that he is indeed convinced that there are religious people in this world who are proficient in tracing people,” Stopping beating around the bush, he bluntly said . “But he can’t judge which one is true . He could only rely on the fame of the religious sects awkwardly . ” “He has to try each one to find out whether religious people have the true ability . ” “Since we want to communicate with him or arrest him, we can take advantage of this completely!” Qin Wenhui gave two fingers up and nodded his head . “Generally speaking . ” “We make a meeting of religious people, set up some traps, and then spread the nationwide propaganda that there will be a number of masters who are proficient in finding people, to attract him!” Hearing this, everyone including Director Guo couldn’t help but be impressed! Indeed, judging from their current situation, though he blindly believed in metaphysics, if he didn’t come to the scene personally, he wouldn’t be able to tell whether the master had the true ability . In this case, they could exactly take advantage of the flaws which they had neglected as Qin Wenhui mentioned! Although it was inappropriate for the state to engage in this religious conference . But as long as they held it with the name of domestic religious martial arts people, wasn’t it easy? Patting the conference table, Director Guo stood up and looked at Qin Wenhui energetically . “Comrade Qin, your plan is logical and has reasonable feasibility . I will report to the chairman!” “If there’s nothing wrong, after the chairman reviews it, we will follow your proposal!” “Thank you, director . In fact, it’s the effort of all the comrades here . I just stood up and found the blind spots of everyone . ” “It’s awkward that I only did a little work . ” Qin Wenhui said gladly . Lying at home . Hu Feng, who ate half of the iced watermelons and enjoyed the summer holidays, had already heard all their speeches at the same time as the meeting started with his sensing ability . Putting the last bite of watermelon in his mouth with the spoon . Hu Feng stood up and stretched out . He then murmured to himself . “Since the country wants me to bite the bait, then I will not bother to go to other domestic sects to perform . I should follow their plan . ” “Hey, it’s time for me to play with you!” Chapter 32 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 32: Disputes?</strong>  After the meeting of the National Special Bureau, Director Guo directly handed the plan over to the head No . 1 . The project codenamed ‘Lure’ was quickly approved and allowed to execute . But when implementing the program, various elites who were temporarily transferred from the national special bureau had great disputes . The most crucial difference lay in how to treat Meng Jingyu . Some members and the female agent holding murder license and engaged in secret intelligence work for many years believed that they should mobilize the military, organize plans, and try to capture him alive . Then they should use methamphetamine, diacetyl/morphine and other drugs with strong addiction, so that he would tell all the secrets, including his identity, when the drug took effect . Qin Wenhui and other members resolutely objected this simple and rude behavior . “Everyone! I hope everyone won’t think of quick success and instant benefit . Meng Jingyu is an extraordinary martial arts master . He might have mastered legendary internal qi...;” Qin Wenhui, who had already made his mark, tried his best to express his views . “I don’t know if you have seen martial arts novels or TV dramas . Those martial arts masters aren’t easy to be controlled by drugs!” “And considering his behaviors so far, his character seems decent . If we can establish a good communication channel . That is undoubtedly invaluable!” “Not to mention the think tank analyzed that assuming what Meng Jingyu said is true, his lover, the female disciple Lin Qingxue from mysterious Kunlun, is able to easily but successfully arrange his lover to come to life, decades after with Feng Shui patterns...;” “How strong will mysterious Kunlun be?” “What do you mean? Meng is very likely to be the important figure connected to mysterious Kunlun how we can find him now?” Hands crossed and arched on the chest, the indifferent female agent asked . “You can say that again!” Qin Wenhui added . “Even if we forcibly arrest the martial arts master, we get nothing more than martial arts, which is valuable . ” “But compared to the current nuclear weapons in the world, even you have the internal qi, it’s still very easy to kill you . ” “On the contrary, if you can establish a relationship with mysterious Kunlun, once we can control the magical resurrection technology, we will definitely have an unparalleled bright future!” “Imagine it! With this, we can resurrect the great scientists, even all the revolutionary martyrs who died during the establishment of the new China...; ” “Wait!” The member of the Central Commission, who had been silent for a long time, couldn’t help but stand up and hand out his own pre-copied documents to everyone . “Everything you said is for the most perfect situation . If he explicitly refuses and attacks us when we contact him, what are you going to do?” “He can travel from the Chongyang Palace in Shaanxi Province to Shaolin Temple in Henan Province within sixteen hours without any means of transportation!” “The distance between 2 locations is 685 kilometers!” The members of the Central Commission pushed his golden-framed glasses . “That is, even if the martial arts master doesn’t do anything else that wastes time, his speed is 713 meters per minute!” “Every second, he can advance at least 11 . 89 meters!” “Tyrannosaurus Rex can move about 29 kilometers per hour, which is 8 . 05 meters per second!” “And you tell me that even if we arrest him, we will only get some insignificant martial arts such as internal qi?” When he said this, he leaned down on the conference table, staring sharply at Qin Wenhui aggressively . “Excuse me, is there a problem with your vision, or is my data analysis not intuitive enough?” Qin Wenhui became silent . Wow! Hearing this and looking at the data analysis they got, all the members who participated in the action couldn’t help but take a deep breath . They didn’t notice this, but now, this member pointed this out . Suddenly everyone couldn’t help but be surprised to find out! This young man, who seemed to only have martial arts, had already surpassed the limits of humans! “I am really sorry, I think I have a lot of shortcomings in my plan . I need to get it back and modify it...;” He stood up and felt embarrassed . But he completely couldn’t expect what happened to him! The female agent who denied his plan said . “I’m sorry to be so careless too . After reading the analyses, I must reconsider how to treat Meng Jingyu . ” “In fact, the reason why I advocate tough means to capture Meng Jingyu is because I think that although he has some rude martial arts, he’s simply unable to resist the suppression and searching from the state . ” Suddenly pausing, she raised the report that recorded Meng Jingyu could move at least 11 . 89 meters per second in her hand . Qin Wenhui and others clearly saw that this indifferent woman looked a bit nervous in her eyes . “Moving nearly 12 meters per second, no food, no drink, no rest, extraordinary physical endurance...; Such a dangerous person, even if we mobilize a large number of army infantry to chase and intercept, I am afraid it is impossible to catch him!” “For example, if the target is found at a close distance . Before five-man combat squad pull the trigger, they will be easily attacked by him!” “And we use lethal weapons, we can only kill him, which isn’t worth it . ” Talking about this, the female agent suddenly turned to look at Qin Wenhui . “So I now think that Comrade Qin’s proposal to treat the target friendly and establish a communication channel is very feasible!” “Yes, I also agree!”  Turning with horror, Qin Wenhui was confused to find out that, the man was the member with a large number of data files who also questioned him! Are you sure? One of you just firmly opposed me, and the other one even sneered at me...; Now you’re on the same side with me and firmly support my plan . Are you sick? Qin Wenhui was murmuring in his mind, but he still pretended like it was nothing . The member of the Central Committee quickly came over . “Comrade Qin, don’t get me wrong!” “You may think that I came up with so much data to question you, but it’s not the case . ” “The reason I do this is to correct your ideas and improve your plan!” Qin Wenhui was simply confused . “What do you want to correct?” “Please think about it yourself . What is the main focus of your plan?” The member of the Central Committee asked . “Of course, I’m going to find out the mysterious Kunlun...;” “So, after you read my data files, what’s new?” The member of the Central Committee smiled . Qin Wenhui hit upon a great idea . “I understand! You want to tell me that the mysterious Kunlun is important, but Meng Jingyu is also very valuable, so we cannot easily let anyone of them go!” The member of the Central Committee laughed and uttered like an old man saying elegantly . “The young man is promising and worthy to be taught . ” “Okay! Now please raise your hand if you agree to take a friendly approach, and strive to establish a channel for communication . ” After a glance at Qin Wenhui and others who reached a consensus, Guo shouted loudly . In the administrative building, more than 90% of the members raised their hands in favor . The answer was obvious! Chapter 33 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 33: Online Booking Provided</strong>  In modern society, it was not difficult to find a person’s daily life and behavioral activities . If it was in the city, under the supervision of various government cameras, a large number of police officers manual search, and the neighborhood committee, it was just an issue of cost to find out that a person’s information . However, if this person didn’t come into contact with the outside world, and didn’t live in any city, even if there were satellites monitoring the ground, it would still be extremely difficult . It was undoubtedly the latter case for those who wanted to find Meng Jingyu . Director Guo looked at the people who were thinking . “If anyone has any suggestions or advice, just elaborate it . ” But Guo was still focused on Qin Wenhui’s face . After all, this seemingly unappealing, younger subordinate really brought him too many surprises . After pondering for a long time and listening to other companions, Qin Wenhui stood up decisively . “Director Guo, since he was resurrected, he has never taken the initiative to find the government for help . He may have no trust in the government, so he stays away from it . ” “So I suggest that we euphemistically hold a national religious meeting for the martial arts masters using a non-government name...;” “Inside and outside the conference site, we recruit a large number of people . Once Meng Jingyu appears, we immediately send someone to take the initiative to meet him...;” Qin Wenhui took a breath and continued . “When chatting with Meng Jingyu, the people we send must test him . If Meng Jingyu doesn’t reject contacting with the national government, we will clarify our real identities and inform that we can call the resources of the entire country to help him . ” “If he is very resistant to contact with the country? Then what?” Qin Wenhui indulged for a moment: “That doesn’t matter . The people we send out can be disguised as characters of the private consortium . We can continue to chat with him . We can keep knowing his information little by little and plan for a long battle!” Director Guo looked around . “Do you have any opinions on Comrade Qin’s proposal?” Everyone looked at each other and no one stood up to oppose it . However, someone asked a key question . “Who should be sent to contact Meng Jingyu? Everyone seemed to realize that this was really a key problem . First of all, Meng Jingyu definitely had different thoughts, experience and behavior from modern people . Although from the report submitted by the local police, it could be easily seen that Meng Jingyu learned everything in modern society fast and seriously...; But they wanted to play it safe! If those they sent over inadvertently offended or insulted Meng Jingyu, the consequences would be simply unimaginable! “We must find a member who is not only an internal member, but also skilled in talking . In addition, he needs to understand the customs of the Republic of China . ” Qin Wenhui touched his chin and muttered thoughtfully . Qin Wenhui didn’t notice that when he said this, Director Guo and others all stared at him . Five minutes later, only Qin Wenhui and Director Guo were in the office . “Comrade Qin Wenhui, you should be the one who communicate with him . ” On behalf of the national special bureau, Director Guo looked at him with appreciation and expectation . Qin Wenhui completely panicked . Why did I set up a trap for myself? “Director, I am afraid I really don’t have this ability, because I know nothing about the customs of the Republic of China...; You still have to ask others!” “But the central government has already decided that you’re the one who would contact Meng Jingyu . The customs of the Republic of China are not a problem . We have found many experts and professors who have studied and researched the culture of the Republic of China . Within 24 hours, you will be able to become an expert in Republic of China!” “How about other comrades? Do they agree this?” Director Guo frowned . “Well, since you are not willing to do so, then I will hand it over to the temporary non-staff personnel in the bureau . The lieutenant colonel from the First Liberation Army Group is fine . A soldier is always obedient to his superiors . His ability is definitely better than you . ” “Just talking to a young man from the Republic of China, right? Don’t involve other comrades, I can complete the task alone!” Qin Wenhui immediately accepted this mission . Clap! Director Guo clapped his hands, and the office door was immediately pushed open . More than a dozen experts and professors from different universities, but all of which were experts in customs and culture studies of the Republic of China, walked in . “Comrade Qin, the only task for you in the next 24 hours is to master the basic customs, language and habits with these teachers in the shortest time . ” Qin Wenhui couldn’t refuse, and the experts and professors had already gathered . “Okay, let’s start!” “Starting with the name between people in the Republic of China . ” “Although Yuan Shikai abolished the worship ceremony, but the folks still call others masters, young masters, and so on . The first lesson you have to learn is how to properly call Meng Jingyu...;” The huge national order was mobilized . In a very short period of time, all the well-known religious figures and the martial arts sects, received a secret notice from the Chinese Ministry of Culture: ——In order to promote the positive traditional Chinese culture, in order to show the uniqueness of Chinese civilization to the world, and to enhance the national culture self-confidence, all religious figures and the martial arts sects must arrive in Beijing within 3 days to hold the first national religion and martial arts traditional culture conference . When receiving the document, the major religions and martial arts sects across the country were simply overjoyed . It was hard to imagine that even if they hadn’t been valued by the state, they still had the honor today! With complex emotions such as ecstasy and excitement, these major religions and martial arts sects rushed to the capital . On the publicity channels such as the Internet, TV screens, and physical newspapers and magazines, there was no national factor at all . —— Recently, major religious figures and martial arts sects in China spontaneously gathered in Beijing, spending a lot of money to rent the Bird’s Nest stadium, trying to judge which one is the top religion and the top martial arts sect in China through a variety of games of metaphysics and martial arts . Citizens who are interested can go to watch by purchasing the Bird’s Nest ticket, and we have already provided online booking...; ——Ordinary ticket 399/person, VIP seat 1888/person . Tickets are limited in number . First come first served . Chapter 34 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 34: Best Actor!</strong>  Beijing . In order to ensure the search was of Meng Jingyu was successful, tens of thousands of soldiers temporarily transferred to the National Special Bureau, dressed up as plain cloth police at various traffic intersections . Considering that Meng Jingyu was a martial arts master, barbed wire and searchlights were set up everywhere in Beijing that was close to nature . Signs such as ‘road maintenance’, ‘military restricted zone’, and ‘mountain collapse’ were set up to prevent others from approaching . Four outer space satellites, which was originally used by the military, were granted to the National Special Bureau to monitor the ground near the Beijing Bird’s Nest . All the religious people and martial arts masters were the special agents of the National Special Bureau, they created the environment in order to attract Meng Jingyu coming to the bird’s nest . Even the swarming tourists inside and outside the bird’s nest were also the disguised armed police officers . In fact . When those real religious people and martial arts sects arrived in Beijing, the staff of the Ministry of Culture of the People’s Republic of China claimed that the Bird’s Nest had been ineffective for a long time, so they temporarily changed the venue and quickly transferred them . If there were real tourists entering the nest with tickets, the staff members at the entrance and exit would register and photograph them with military and government personnel . If they didn’t sign the Level A confidential file, they weren’t permitted to leave . The security forces were arranged and the online public information system was blocked . Under the mobilization of the huge power of the state machine, everything was ready . The network specifically aimed at Meng Jingyu had been set up, waiting for the target to appear . Hu Feng, who knew all the plans of the country, checked his own outfit and confirmed that he wouldn’t be spotted . He then embarked on his way to the Bird’s Nest . Using the system’s stealth transmission function, he directly consumed 1,200 fudge values, showing up in an unoccupied room not far from the Bird’s Nest . The spiritual sensitivity of ‘train’ was activated . All the camera equipment within 10,000 meters, plain clothed police pretending to be passerby, agents wearing monitor headphones and patrolling the command...;were all detected by Hu Feng . As for the satellite monitoring ground that might appear over his head, Hu Feng chose to consume 3,000 fudge values, and permanently strengthened multiple buffs — that was, optical invisibility, immune electromagnetic waves, satellite sensor neglecting, and so on . “The best actor debuts!” He walked in a leisurely manner toward the bird’s nest . The plain clothed police and agents in the streets and lanes only felt a gust of wind, but they saw nothing but the air in all directions . Finding no suspicious people, they couldn’t naturally report to my superiors . Walking all the way smoothly, Hu Feng had come to the Bird’s Nest . He stood on the top of the flagpole tens of meters above the ground, slightly inhaling and accumulating power, and his voice resounded in all directions . “I, Meng Jingyu, hearing that major religious people and martial arts masters gathered here, arrived to meet each other! My partner, Lin Qingxue disappeared...;” The figure that suddenly appeared on the flagpole and his loud voice, showed that the accident suddenly happened! In an instant, the ‘religious people and the martial arts masters’ from the special national bureau were simply stunned . Everyone looked up and saw Meng’s face . In the command center miles away, Director Guo and other high-level leaders were also surprised . “What happened? What are those responsible for patrolling doing?” “Also the satellite monitoring office, useless!” Director Guo, who had quickly come out of his trance, hastened to check his subordinates everywhere . What had irritated him appeared! Though he showed up in the bird’s nest, those in the periphery of the department reported ‘all normal’ every minute! What was even more unacceptable was that those monitoring personnel who had four outer space satellites . They reported – ‘All normal, there’s no passerby in line with the appearance of Meng Jingyu’! “Director Guo, calm down . ” Noticing that Director Guo was furious, others were comforting him . “This martial arts master is as fast as light . It’s easy for him to cross over a dozen meters per second . If he really wants to get through, maybe it is possible . ” “Director Guo, think about it . If this situation happens, the staff sent out may not be able to accurately find out . ” “Yes! Director Guo, now that the target has already appeared, we should proceed to our next step . ” Hearing his peers, Director Guo reluctantly calmed down and began to inform Qin Wenhui, who was waiting for the attack and mastering the customs of the Republic of China in the Bird’s Nest . “Roger that . ” From the bird’s nest staff channel, Qin Wenhui glanced at the target standing on the top of the flagpole – Meng Jingyu . At this moment, since all the religious figures and the martial arts sects in the Bird’s Nest were special agents of the National Special Bureau, even if the Meng repeatedly shouted, no one stood up to answer . At this time, Qin Wenhui used the machine to amplify his own voice . “Master Meng, I have heard about your partner Lin Qingxue . If you don’t mind, please come here and chat with me . ” Meng Jingyu looked at Qin Wenhui on the ground, and said curiously . “I don’t know who you are?” Considering that it was impossible to analyze what his attitude to the current national government was . Qin Wenhui immediately followed the background provided by the bureau to clarify . “I’m one of the 80 million members of the huge domestic force . We have strong financial resources, many people, and the people of all walks of life have involved . We like to meet heroes like you . ” Meng Jingyu was obviously moved, and he floated up and landed on the ground . Step by step, the distance of several kilometers between them completely disappeared . Qin Wenhui suddenly found Meng Jingyu actually came to him within less than a thousandth of a second . “Test him immediately . If he has a bad feeling against the state, you will contact him with the background of civil power . On the contrary, you confess the truth, show the country’s emphasis on him, and the willingness to help him find people...;” With the secret earphones under the cover of Qin Wenhui’s hair, the orders from the command center came over . Hu Feng deliberately resisted the smile and pretended to be completely ignorant . Under the guidance of Qin Wenhui, he entered the closed room in the bird’s nest to chat . They sat down . With the miniature camera and recording equipment in the secret room, Director Guo and others in the command center could clearly witness every move of Meng Jingyu and hear their voices . Chapter 35 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 35: Once Bitten, Twice Shy</strong>  “Master Meng, we are a wealthy organization with resources . It’s absolutely nothing for us when it comes to search for a person . ” After sitting down, Qin Wenhui stressed that the background of his representative forces was strong, and he added at the same time . “However, we must have her characteristics . Can you please explain appearance or some features of your lover, Lin Qingxue?” Listening to Qin Wenhui’s inquiry, Hu Feng seemed to be reminded of something, he turned his head and stared into the distance . He began to recall emotionally . “In my mind, she’s always the white moonlight . ” “She always likes to wear cheongsam embroidered with peony, a little cinnabar in her eyebrows, and there’s always sorrow in her smile, which makes me feel sad...;” “I am really sorry, please pause a bit . ” Wiping the cold sweats on his forehead, Qin Wenhui couldn’t help but interrupt . “The appearance of your lover Lin Qingxue is really too general . It’s difficult to find your lover in China with such characteristic . ” He took out a fine white paper and a polished brush . Qin Wenhui tentatively tried . “If you can, our organization hopes that you can draw your own lover’s appearance, or tell us some stories about how you got along with your lover . ” Hu Feng smiled . “Sure . ” He held the brush and started drawing . In a very short period of time, a woman wearing a cheongsam, with her hair tied up showed up in the drawing . Carefully holding this portrait, Qin Wenhui immediately gave it to his subordinates to ‘organize’, claiming that they wouldn’t hesitate to immediately search for her in China at all cost . At the same time . Looking at Qin Wenhui’s careful appearance, and a large number of high-level officers behind him, Hu Feng suddenly had a bad taste . He deliberately pretended to recall his past and lover with infatuation, and began to elaborate the pledge with Lin Qingxue . “I still remember...;on the broken bridge of West Lake, Qingxue and I enjoyed the view on the bridge . Under the stars as a witness, we vowed that we would be together for a hundred years...;whoever dies at 97 should wait for 3 years on the bridge...;” Sigh He sighed, as if the long-term thoughts were concentrated . Hu Feng quietly smiled wryly . “Now I feel like as if it all happened yesterday...; It’s like yesterday...;” It was completely what Hu Feng expected . At the moment, in the command center of the national special bureau, Director Guo was excited like a child . He almost jumped on the table and shouted . “Comrades! We really caught the big fish this time!” “Everyone heard his vow, right?” “As far as I know, this is the folk vows in Henan and Hubei!” “What does this mean?” “This means that Meng Jingyu might have grown up in Henan and Hubei! Or his lover Lin Qingxue spent her childhood here!” Jumping off the table, Director Guo was energetic . “Hey, you! The intelligence investigation department, go investigate right away . No matter what means, I just want the result!” “Within the shortest time, check and search for all the historical information of Meng Jingyu and Lin Qingxue in these provinces . ” However, everyone in the National Special Bureau didn’t know that they were destined to be done in vain . They continued to talk . Qin Wenhui began slowly guiding the topic to how he viewed the current national government . “It seems that he is testing me . ” Hu Feng was pondering . Anyway, he had already wanted to fool everyone that martial arts really existed with the power of the state . Now he simply stopped beating around the bush . “Master Meng, according to the investigations, you seem from the Republic of China a few decades ago . I wonder if it is real . ” Considering the words, Qin Wenhui asked . Hu Feng smiled . “Sure enough a national party with 80 million members can investigate everything well . What else can I say? Ha . ” “Brother Qin, should I call you Court Eagle?” In an instant, the atmosphere in the entire room became weird . In particular, the polite smile on Qin Wenhui’s face became stiff . Looking at his eyes full of horror and fear, Qin couldn’t believe that his identity would be exposed . Noticing that Meng Jingyu, seemed to have noticed the true identity of Qin Wenhui in the secret room, the command center was busy sending new orders . “Immediate evacuation, everyone evacuates!” All the special agents of the National Security Bureau, who wore secret earphones on the sidelines, subconsciously wanted to pull out their guns and rush towards Meng Jingyu with hot weapons . “I didn’t know it . ” Hu Feng sharp eyes focused on Qin Wenhui’s ears, then he smiled, and nodded his head meaningfully . “You may not know, I am a person with great sensibility . I can even notice an earthworm creeping at 100 meters underground with ease...;” “Even if there’s thick hair covering, the delicate little machine in your ear can’t escape my observation . ” Hu Feng gently exhaled some air, and dozens of light blue diamond-shaped ice crystals shot out . Suddenly . Before the special agents could pull out the firearms, the ice crystals had hit their guns, and the honeycomb-like holes showed up on the holsters, which was shocking! As for the guns in the holsters, they were naturally severely damaged and couldn’t be used . What made these agents even more afraid was that the small ice crystals even stopped moving forward after penetrating the holster, hence they didn’t hurt their bodies . Exhaling ice, it was so shocking and amazing! The force attached to each ice crystal was exactly enough to penetrate the holsters . If he had not a great control over small things, how could this be done? Thinking of this, these agents looked at him fearfully . “You...;you...;Master Meng, what do you want?” Looking at the guns of the subordinates behind him being shot through, Qin Wenhui was afraid . “Don’t be nervous, Brother Qin...; After all, you are from the government, and there’s no enmity between us . Why bother with me to fight?” Hu Feng sounded elegant . In the face of Qin Wenhui’s uneasy questioning, he raised his fingers and shook slightly . “Seventy years ago, I wasn’t trained yet . I challenged the Japanese, but was seriously injured by a gun . ” Saying, Hu Feng’s looks became gradually firm . He played the role of a martial arts master who was ‘Once bitten, twice shy’ vividly . “From that moment on, I swore!” “I will never let anyone point their guns at me . The space here is so narrow . Your partners still aim at me with their guns . I had to make a decision . ” “If you don’t believe it, you can ask your colleagues behind you if anyone is injured . ” Qin Wenhui swallowed and barely calmed his inner feelings . After checking his subordinates personally, he found that it was exactly the same as what Meng Jingyu said . No one was injured and killed except that the guns were destroyed! Chapter 36 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 36: Relief!</strong>  “Master Meng, you ruined so many guns, what do you want? If you try to take us as hostages against the government, you won’t succeed!” Although all the weapons were destroyed, Qin Wenhui was only slightly stunned . He still subconsciously pretended to be angry and shouted loudly . This was his experience by working in the government of Guangzhou, before he was transferred to the National Special Bureau . As long as he mentioned the government, most people would hesitate . Even though a small number of people weren’t afraid, that was because they also had the background in the government . Everyone was the same . However . Today, what he got an unprecedented alternative answer . A careless smirk! “Brother Qin, don’t try to threaten me . ” Hu Feng stood quietly . Under the bright light in the secret room, his shadow was quite upright . He talked slowly but extremely firmly and powerfully . “I just think that since everyone wants to know each other, it should be fair and open . ” Looking around Qin Wenhui and others, Hu Feng looked proud and self-confident . “I don’t like the way that your boss doesn’t show up, but send you, these little pawns to talk to me . This is the behavior of fear and prevention, but also an expression of your lack of self-confidence . ” “If you are sincere on behalf of the country, Director Guo should talk to me in person . ” Qin Wenhui and others were silent . Before coming, the top officials of the national special bureau had told Qin Wenhui that he must control the rhythm of the conversation . It was best to quietly explore all his information . But now . He suddenly discovered that not only Meng Jingyu controlled the rhythm, but they had to listen to him no matter whether they wanted to leave or to stay here! As he was pondering . In the command center, Director Guo commanded him . “Do whatever he asks . Take him to our administrative building, and I will personally talk to him . ” “Don’t repeat . I know he must have heard the conversation between us . ” Qin Wenhui looked up subconsciously and saw Hu Feng’s fearless, smiling face . “Brother Qin, please take the lead . ” “Whether it was the Republic of China decades ago or the new China, I haven’t stepped inside the government agencies yet . ” Looking at him, Hu Feng looked as gentle as usual, but Qin Wenhui always felt that he was playing with them, which made him feel sad . “Please follow me . ” Seeing the figure of Meng Jingyu gradually leaving, the special agents, whose guns were all destroyed, couldn’t help but reveal the expression of relief . “Finally gone . I had cold sweats . ” “His gaze gave me a feeling of looking directly at the top predators . I even thought that I was not in a big metropolis, but looking straight at a white tiger alone in the wild . ” “Mine was different . I had a blank mind and I couldn’t breathe!” Undoubtedly, this martial arts master brought them mass psychological pressure! They were silent all the way . Inside the administrative building of the National Special Bureau . “Master Meng, hello . ” Trying his best to smile, Director Guo strode over and shook hands with him . Greeting, Hu Feng also had a warm and gentle smile . However, in the view of the top officials of national special bureau, no one dared to overlook him . After the greetings, the two began to change the topic . As a host, Director Guo seemed to want to take the lead . Just sitting down, Director Guo stared at him, and asked with great concentration seriously . “Master Meng, according to the information we collected...;” “The tombs in the Qinling area of Shaanxi Province were exposed because the natural disasters that caused the land to crack and the local villagers excavated them and opened the coffin . You seemed to have woken up from the coffin, right?” “Maybe . ” “I wasn’t trained, but I challenged the Japanese invaders . I was shot by a gun . I fainted due to serious injuries . I don’t know what happened next...;” Hu Feng seemed to be caught in memories . “Probably my lover Lin Qingxue took out the bullets from my body and sent me to the ancient tomb for recuperation . She is a female disciple of Kunlun, so I had the chance to come to life again . ” Saying, Hu Feng pretended to think of something, and took out a small and exquisite bronze lamp with the palace lantern from his clothes . When Hu Feng put it on the table, Director Guo and others came over to look at it curiously . Seeming to be extremely reminiscent of the past, Hu Feng became emotional . “This lamp is called lovers lamp . It’s the treasure given by her teacher . It’s said that once this lamp is lit up, it will be lit infinitely! ” “Of course, the tears of true lovers can only be used as lamp oil, light the fire in the lamp, give full play to the lovers lamp . ” “When I woke up from the coffin, I saw that the light was going to burn out...;” Gently touching the lamp, Hu Feng looked anxious . “I think she lit this lamp to protect me . Otherwise, even if I was still alive after decades, it’s impossible for me to be so young, not to mention the fast progress of my martial arts...;” “...;The lovers lamp protected me . Without this personal treasure, how can she be?” Hearing this, Director Guo and others couldn’t help but repeatedly look at the lamp in his hand . “Master Meng, excuse me . ” Director Guo said . “According to our recent investigation of all domestic religions and the martial arts sects, we also read a large number of ancient books . ” “And we sent a number of mountaineering teams to the snow-capped Kunlun Mountains for scientific research...; We generally guessed that Kunlun, where your lover Lin Qingxue is located, doesn’t seem to exist . ” “Doesn’t exist?” “Ha-ha-ha...;” Hu Feng made a posture that he seemed to hear the most ridiculous joke in the world . Director Guo and others were stunned by his sudden laughter . Everyone was astonished . He laughed for a while . Coming out of his trance, Hu Feng questioned Director Guo directly . “What do you think of my secret martial arts? What about comparing to the martial arts masters in China today?” Chapter 37 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 37: Kunlun from Nebula M82</strong>  Hearing this, Director Guo and others couldn’t help but think of all his feats in the video, including walking on the water surface inside Chongyang Palace at scary speed, single-handedly defeating more than 30 monks at Shaolin Temple, feeding the abbot with lotus pond water...; Moreover, just in the secret room, he arbitrarily exhaled ice, and instantly destroyed the guns the agents! As for the martial arts masters of Wudang, Emei, and Taiji in China, Director Guo only felt that he could deal with them with a type 92 handgun easily at close range . In short, these martial arts masters in China diddn’t even have the qualifications to challenge Meng Jingyu . Thinking about it, Director Guo also said . “Compared to Master Meng, those ordinary martial arts masters only looked like they’re something, but they’re not!” “Ha . ” With a smile, Hu Feng looked at Director Guo and others . “Do you know how long it took for me to cultivate this?” Director Guo and others looked at each other and no one knew why he was asking this . Although they weren’t clear how long Hu Feng cultivated this . However, according to the normal martial arts, Director Guo said thoughtfully . “Master Meng, you should have practiced martial arts from an early age, so it should be at least 10 years, right?” Without any words, Hu Feng gave two fingers up . He smiled . “2 years! Only 2 years!” In an instant . Guo Director and others, who heard this specific time, simply wondered if it was real . After all, they considered Meng Jingyu’s incredible martial arts unable to be practiced in 2 years! Or Meng Jingyu was boasting that he was a martial genius? Just as Director Guo and others weren’t sure what he meant, they heard an even more stunning news . “I don’t know whether you’re ignorant or not . ” Hu Feng continued . “I was taught by Lin Qingxue, but it is only one of the basic secrets of Kunlun . ” “But you are now telling me that Kunlun doesn’t exist?” “Oh! I would like to ask you, since Kunlun does not exist, then is my strength fake?” Suddenly . Everyone, every high-level officers including Director Guo was speechless . For a while . Director Guo, who was the first to come out of his trance, wiped his forehead with a handkerchief, and opened his mouth slightly . “Master Meng, don’t be angry . This is just a misunderstanding . ” When explaining, Director Guo suddenly glanced at lovers lamp, which was said to be given by Kunlun, belonging to the young disciple Lin Qingxue . Director Guo was suddenly struck by an idea . “Master Meng, you said that this lamp is from Kunlun...;” “If you don’t mind, can we temporarily borrow this lamp to test and analyze without damaging this treasure?” Director Guo became more eager to get the lamp . “Hence it might be possible to find the legendary Kunlun!” “And in case your lover Lin Qingxue is in Kunlun, but Kunlun blocks her from seeing you . With the huge help of our nation, she and you can reunite again . ” “Master Meng, we’re happy to help you . ” “Allow me think more . ” Hu Feng pretended to be attracted and pondered quietly . Judging from the current situation, the state machine was very concerned about him, but was even more concerned about the existence of Kunlun that he mentioned! In order to find Kunlun, a number of mountaineering teams were dispatched to the Kunlun Mountains right away . This efficiency was a bit scary . It seemed that they were concerned about the location of Kunlun . On the surface, Hu Feng was still considering the pros and cons, but in his mind, he had numerous thoughts . Suddenly, he came up with an idea . Right! Who said that Kunlun had to be on Earth? Kunlun isn’t a small sect in the Kunlun Mountains of the earth . It is located outside the solar system, millions of light years away, and human beings cannot reach at present! I can completely transform the mysterious patterns on the lovers lamp into a nebula map! The giant of light, Altman, comes from Nebula M78 . Why can’t the Chinese martial art sect Kunlun come from an alien system outside the solar system? Recalling the vast amount of knowledge of the universe in his memory, a nebula 12 million light years away from the Earth, called the Galaxy Nebula M82, appeared in Hu Feng’s mind . He decided to let the Nebula M82 appear on the surface of the lovers lamp! The more he meditated, the more excited he felt! He couldn’t wait to see that numerous Chinese scientists, after analyzing and observing the concerted lovers lamp with instruments, become extremely shocked and surprised that Kunlun was actually from millions of light years away! Within a thousandth of a second that Director Guo and others were completely unaware of, Hu Feng quickly touched the lovers lamp . Suddenly, the originally mysterious Oracle cloud pattern was gone, replaced by the Nebula M82! At the same time, Hu Feng thought about another thing . Now that he had already contacted with the special national bureau, he could fully promote the existence of martial arts to the entire Chinese people with the power of the state! Even if only 100 million people believed and practiced martial arts, the fudge value he gained would be an astronomical number! At this point, Hu Feng immediately communicated with the system . “Create a secret martial arts method that greatly increases the basic ability of moving speed, limb flexibility, and strength . How much fudge value do I need?” “Host, according to the current social situation, creating the martial arts that meet your requirements requires only 10,000 fudge values, but there’s no aura that martial arts demand, in the world . Therefore, according to the principle of conservation of energy, people who practice this martial arts method must consume a large amount of daily food, otherwise their strength can’t be improved...;” Glancing at his current remaining 11,032 fudge values, Hu Feng understood that he had the capital to create secret martial arts . As for those must consume a lot of food every day that the system mentioned, he didn’t care . Anyway, of course those who practiced martial arts needed lot of food . Eat more to become stronger, it was very normal! In the view of Director Guo and others, Meng Jingyu, who had been silently considering the pros and cons, finally raised his head . “Director Guo, if you can represent the country and implement my three requirements . ” Taking a deep breath, Meng Jingyu seemed to have made some determination . “I can not only lend you the lovers lamp for a while, but also organize the secret martial arts that I have learned into a book and hand it over to the country, allowing them to dispose of it in any place they seem fit . What do you think?” Quiet! Very quiet! The entire national special bureau was almost more silent than the crematorium at midnight! For a while . Director Guo looked at him incredulously and stuttered . “Master Meng...;are you kidding?” “This is the secret of Kunlun? Are you really willing to hand over to the country?” Hu Feng put on a sad look . “You don’t understand...;” “I just want to stay with Qingxue . If I donate this, making the country go all out to help me find her, I would have no regrets . ” “Of course, there’s something that I must tell you in advance . ” Without waiting for Director Guo and others to say anything, Hu Feng continued to elaborate . “The martial arts method that I am practicing now is carefully selected by Qingxue for my personal physique, and she also help me with the foundation with Kunlun treasures and the nourishment of the lovers lamp . Hence now I have this extraordinary strength . ” “If you practice the martial arts method I hand over to the country without my preconditions, it is impossible to reach my realm easily, so you must be mentally prepared . ” “Master Meng, you can rest assured . It’s fine as long as we can practice . ” “We don’t need to reach your realm, no problem!” “Master Meng, you are too righteous! For the country, for the people!” Undoubtedly, assuming that the National Special Bureau could really get their hand on the complete secret martial arts, it would be an unprecedented political achievement! Director Guo and others were therefore excited . They simply wanted to treat Meng Jingyu as solemnly as their ancestors . Then they asked him to quickly tell the three requirements . They would help him complete it at the fastest speed, so as to obtain the incomparable Kunlun secret martial arts! As for the lovers lamp from Kunlun, which Meng Jingyu promised to lend to the country . The lamp was of course important, but considering the Kunlun secret martial arts method that could be practiced by hundreds of millions of people, it was really a bit inconspicuous! Chapter 38 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 38: Three Conditions</strong>  With the expectation of Director Guo and others, Hu Feng raised three fingers up and talked slowly . “First, on behalf of the country, you must find Lin Qingxue at all cost and help us reunite . ” “Second, in the past, China was poor and weak, and it was called ‘a sick man in East Asia’ by the Western countries . I shall contribute the secret martial arts to the country today, aiming to help all Chinese people to practice martial arts and to be physically and mentally stronger . ” “Third, the lovers lamp is my lover’s treasure . I can lend it to you, but I must be with you . Its light must be in my sight all the time . ” Director Guo frowned, and he was a bit confused . “Accordingly, we should agree with your requirements in the name of the country . ” “But I need to ask the superiors about Master Meng’s three demands . ” Hu Feng only said that they could talk about the lovers lamp and the secret martial arts after agreeing with these three requirements . Arranging people to entertain Meng Jingyu, Director Guo hastily left . Inside the meeting room . “The head number 1 and the heads of the central government, this is roughly the case . ” Quickly rushing to the heads, Director Guo described that Meng Jingyu promised to contribute to the secret martial arts, but the state needed to complete his three requirements . At the same time, following Director Guo’s instructions, his subordinates also presented all the video files of Meng Jingyu collected by the national special bureau . Silently flipping through the video, the head No . 1 focused on the screen . The head No . 2 used to be a funny man . He was usually the direct spokesperson between the head No . 1 head and other central heads . At this moment, he was also frowning and he looked at the chairman quietly . He seemed to be trying to figure out what he was going to do . Other central heads here, according to different factions, sat a certain distance away from others . Some of them had a smile on their faces, some looked at the video and murmured, and some were secretly squinting at each other . Everyone had their own intentions . Although Director Guo was the leader of the national special bureau, he was extraordinarily cautious in front of them . After a long time . The head No . 1 looked calm . The head of the central government of the Inner Mongolian fringe finally took the lead to question Director Guo . “Do you have the ability to verify or ensure that the Kunlun secret martial arts submitted by him was real? Is it practical to practice? If the head No . 1 practices this and had an accident, can you bear this responsibility?” Upon hearing this, Director Guo was speechless at first, he had cold sweats all over the back, and he even got cold feet . Director Guo was simply stunned! He was really drunk with the great achievements of Meng Jingyu’s secret martial arts . He didn’t think of this . Now, in front of so many central leaders, it was difficult to explain! But Director Guo knew that he must stay calm . Because things in the officialdom were often like this, it didn’t matter if you did nothing . If you did something, you couldn’t back down . Otherwise, you would be looked down upon, and the future promotion will be greatly restricted . Although being the head of the special national bureau was good, but he didn’t want to be a leader of a national bureau for the rest of his life . What’s more, he was one of the subordinates of the head No . 1 . Now faced with the complaints of the other heads, the head No . 1 couldn’t help him, but he couldn’t ignore . Otherwise, it would be telling them that he had no talents, but only obeyed the commands of the head No . 1 . Thinking of this, Director Guo immediately answered loudly . “Leader Liu, through internal research and investigation, we found that Meng Jingyu is brave and loyal, and has a strong national pride in Chinese civilization . He has repeatedly praised the excellence of new China in public . ” “The main purpose of his contribution to the New China’s Kunlun secret martial arts is to allow people to practice martial arts, in order to get rid of the nickname ‘a sick man in Eastern Asia’!” “How can such a heroic character falsify the secret martial arts that he voluntarily contributes to the country, or deliberately conceal the key?” “As for the risk of the head No . 1 when practicing the secret martial arts, our special squad will experiment with the cultivation steps of each martial arts practice before the head No . 1 tries it...; So, you mind too much . ” Looking at Director Guo not only refused to admit that he wasn’t thinking about it, but also gave tit for tat, Leader Liu sat down quietly . But now, it was just the beginning . After the speech of Leader Liu, the other Standing Committee members from different factions who wanted to crack down the head No . 1 stood up and questioned him with this matter . Although Director Guo was stuck in a cleft of wood, he still bit his teeth and tried his best to defend himself . As the heads of the central governments came to an end, the head No . 1 suddenly said . “Meng Jingyu is quite bold that he wants to get rid of the name ‘sick man in Eastern Asia’, but his plan isn’t feasible . ” Hearing the head No . 1, the head No . 2 immediately added . “Right, we have mass population . It’s extremely difficult for the police to maintain social stability . “ “If we rush to promote secret martial arts, ordinary people may not have time to practice, but gangsters might be the first to master!” “At that time, won’t China go chaotic?” The head No . 2 said . “Guo, you should go back and tell the difficult part of his plan . We can promise his other requirements, but the idea to promote martial arts to people is really not mature enough . ” Slightly nodding his head, Director Guo also quickly remained calm . Returning to the administrative building of the National Special Bureau, Director Guo told Meng Jingyu everything . Hu Feng narrowed his eyes and started pondering . It seems that it’s really difficult . Seems that my plan is going to fail? Give up? No, if I can’t let every Chinese practice martial arts, can’t I promote martial arts in the army of millions of people with the help of the state power? This is absolutely not related to damaging social stability . Right! I can hold a global martial arts game . I will represent China and challenge the martial arts masters from other countries . Then I will ask the country to have a live broadcast on the whole China network and on TV! In this way, after billions of Chinese people watch the live broadcast of the game, they will recognize the existence of Kunlun secret martial arts, so that they will greatly contribute fudge values to me! Chapter 39 <strong>Chapter 39: Swindlers</strong>  Hu Feng solemnly said . “Director Guo, since my second demand isn’t mature enough, then I would like to slightly modify it . ” “I will change it to promoting the secret martial arts in the new Chinese army, that should be possible for the government . ” “In addition, I also hope that I can challenge the martial arts masters from Western countries, even the countries from all over the world in front of the entire Chinese people!” Hu Feng deliberately pretended to be unknown of it and continued . “I want to prove that the Chinese are not weaker than anyone in martial arts, with my victory! “Please help me, Director Guo!” Looking at Meng Jingyu bowing, Director Guo couldn’t help but shake his head with a smile . “Master Meng, but your revised request only poses slightly lower impact than before . ” “This is a big deal . I still need to ask the chairman again . ” After a while, talking with the chairman through the internal network, Director Guo went back to him . “Congratulations! After consideration, the chairman roughly agreed with your request . ” Director Guo added . “But for promoting martial arts to the army, the chairman hopes that you can personally instruct them, what do you think?” Hu Feng pretended to be unhappy and frowned . “If I have to give guidance to millions of soldiers, how long will it last? It is too time-consuming . ” “Master Meng thinks too much . How can the country waste so much of your precious time?” Director Guo laughed . “You only need to teach twenty or thirty soldiers personally, and then let the latter teach others . ” “Very good . ” Hu Feng smiled, took out the lovers lamp, placed it on the table, and pushed it to Director Guo 10 centimeters forward . “I can lend you this lamp now . ” Director Guo carefully picked up the lovers lamp and smiled . “Master Meng, please rest assured, we will return it undamaged! Please come with me, we will immediately go to the Chinese Academy of Sciences...;” At the end, Hu Feng glanced at the lovers lamp with deep affection, then walked side by side with Director Guo, and headed to the Chinese Academy of Sciences . In Research Center for Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences . Accompanied by Director Guo, Hu Feng researched on the lovers lamp with a large group of condensed physicists together . Material analysis, nano device scanning, topological quantum calculation, physical radiation synchronous ray test, gravity-free space test...; In the various research observations, the strange textures on the surface of the lovers lamp were also photographed and analyzed by the supercomputers . Taking advantage of the break time, Director Guo took back the lovers lamp and showed Meng Jingyu the results of the investigation submitted by his subordinates . “Master Meng, please take a look . ” “The data of everyone in China, whose name is Lin Qingxue, and whose appearance is similar with what you drew, is here . No matter the life story, family background, and age, they are all recorded . There are a total of 59 files . ” Hu Feng took over the 59 archives from Director Guo and quickly flipped through . After a very short time, Hu Feng deliberately pretended to be disappointed and sighed “Ah, she’s not here . ” Director Guo immediately clapped his hands . In a blink of an eye, a large number of national Buddhist and religious figures who were originally sent by the Ministry of Culture, under the leadership of the special agents of the National Special Bureau, all came out from the elevator . The huge crowds filled the research center of the Institute of Biophysics . There were at least six or seven hundred people . “Master Meng, please check if there are any religious people you wanted to find . ” Hu Feng picked up one kasaya from a monk and shook it hard to turn it into hundreds of threads . Hu Feng then threw out hundreds of long silk threads, all of which were entangled in the right hand of everyone . “Master Meng, well...;” Although it wasn’t Director Guo’s first time to witness his magical ability, this scene still amazed him . Hu Feng said indifferently . “The ancient doctors could observe the threads to feel the pulse, in order to diagnose diseases...;” “I’m not a doctor, but I can inject my inner qi into the silk thread, allowing me understand the situation inside the person . ” “If any of these Buddhist monks and Taoists priests understand eight diagrams, there body will be different from ordinary people, so that I can find out easily . ” Many religious people felt a warm current coming from the end of the silk thread, quickly passed through their own internal organs, and left . After a while, Hu Feng pretended to laugh wryly and shook his head at Director Guo . The latter was shocked . “Master Meng, they’re the elites of the country’s Buddhism and Taoism! There’s no one that you’re looking for?” Hu Feng threw up his hands . “Director Guo, though I don’t want to say more, I still have to tell you . ” “No one has the real ability since there’s no trace of cultivation in their bodies . ” “My goodness!” Director Guo was obviously shocked by this news . Then he immediately reminded the agents to send these religious people away quickly . In an instant, there were only two people, Hu Feng and Director Guo in the research center . Retrieving the lovers lamp from Director Guo, Hu Feng gently touched the lamps, and at the same time, his eyes looked blank . “Sometimes, I think Qingxue might have already returned to Kunlun, because she was not allowed to see me...;” “What happened?” Director Guo was confused . “Qingxue left me this lamp, I don’t know if she could stay young...;” Hu Feng pouted and said . “Time passes, and people get old...; If she has already died, how can I find her in the world?” Staring at Guo Director, Hu Feng said something amazing! “Director Guo, if you can, please find those who can enter the underworld, they can help me check if Qingxue has been reincarnated?” In an instant, Director Guo was puzzled by his request . Looking for someone to go to the underworld to inquire about the news? Are you kidding me? But thinking that Meng Jingyu promised to hand over the Kunlun secret martial arts after accomplishing his 3 demands, Director Guo immediately promised him . “I will arrange it right away . ” Today, those swindlers who claimed to be able to travel to the underworld had back luck! A large number of policemen came to their doors with red-headed documents . They asked these swindlers to prove that their performances was real, or they would be detained on the charge of feudal superstition . Even they honestly admitted that they were lying, the policemen still insisted that they wanted to see their performances . After all the swindlers had performed, the staff of the special bureau sorted out the materials submitted by the local authorities and suddenly discovered a fact! More than 95% of the swindlers were using superficial chemistry and were bluffing to make their performances look real . The remaining swindlers took a lot of hallucinogenic substances before entering the underworld, and deceived themselves before deceiving others . No one really knew how to enter the underworld! Chapter 40 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 40: 100% Similarity!</strong>  The national special bureau tried for nearly a week in China, but still couldn’t find anyone who could communicate with the underworld, hence they finally decided to tell Meng Jingyu the truth, so as not to cause unnecessary barriers in the future . “Master Meng, we’re really sorry . ” As the head of the special national bureau, Director Guo still apologized to him personally . “As for the folks who can talk with ghosts...;” “Except those swindlers who use magical mushrooms to fool people, we found nothing even after using the enormous resources of the state machine . ” Hu Feng had a helpless smile . “Director Guo, don’t blame yourself . I believe in the sincerity of the government . This is probably my life...;” “Qingxue and I, after all, are like the cowherd and the vega in this galaxy . Even if in the folklore, there will be no chance for us to meet again . ” In the past week, in the eyes of many special agents of the National Special Bureau, the learning ability and cognitive ability of Meng Jingyu were almost comparable to God . He could master every knowledge easily . In a few days, Meng Jingyu knew about astronomical geography, recognizing that ‘the earth was round’, ‘there was no water in the universe, but the galaxies’ and other common sense . Hence . Director Guo, who knew everything about Meng Jingyu from the agents, didn’t feel strange when he behaved like a modern youth . What Director Guo was more concerned about was his sorrowful sentiment . He wasn’t sure if that would change his mind and make him not hand the Kunlun secret martial arts to the country due to failing to find Lin Qingxue . “Master Meng, don’t worry, you must believe in the country and the party!” Unable to believe the result, Director Guo was busy comforting him . “We definitely won’t stop here . No matter how much time and energy it takes, we will find out the whereabouts of your lover Lin Qingxue!” Not waiting for him to say anything, the researchers of the Chinese Academy of Sciences at the Biophysics Research Center suddenly took out the lovers lamp, and they were excited to gather around . They claimed that they had a major discovery that would shock the whole world . “Look at the observations of the Hubble Space Telescope, that is a galaxy cloud map 12 million light years away from Earth!” “Director Guo, you must look carefully, believe us! The discovery will definitely crush the world view you have had for a long time!” “Right! This is an important piece of evidence that can make the world’s astronomers call it the greatest discovery of the 21st century . ” They handed over the tablet to Director Guo . The researchers immediately played a video . Listening to the researchers of the Chinese Academy of Sciences claims solemnly, Director Guo was highly focused . In the universe, a galaxy cloud image with the English name M82 appeared on the screen . Obviously, it was the observations recorded of Hubble Space Telescope in the space station . This process lasted only a few dozens of seconds . After Director Guo replayed several times, the Chinese Academy of Sciences researchers also carefully handed over the lovers lamp to him . “Why did you end the research so early today?” Director Guo was puzzled when looking at the many researchers in front of him . He then looked at Meng Jingyu . “In this case, you can keep it now...;” Several researchers close to Director Guo simply laughed . “We want you to see this lamp!” Some researchers didn’t beat around the bush, but shouted . “Director Guo, haven’t you found that the texture of the surface of this ancient lamp is 100% similar to the galaxy cloud image in this video?” “In nature, it’s just a coincidence when the similarity of items in different regions is less than 30%...;” “But at the moment, we believe that the 100% similarity between the two is definitely not a coincidence, it can’t be like this without reason!” Staring at Director Guo, the director of the Chinese Academy of Science stood up and shivered when he talked, since he was obviously so excited . “In short, the owner of this copper lamp either has seen the same the cloud map of the galaxy M82, or is the aboriginal of the galaxy M82 . ” “It’s just like how we know our own planet, otherwise it’s impossible to make this ancient lamp perfectly engraved with the panoramic view of the galaxy M82!” “Moreover!” A researcher who seemed to be a child prodigy in his early 20s . He was excited to hold a document in his hand to show it to Director Guo . “Look at our material inspection analysis report!” “The surface of the lovers lamp looks like bronze, but behind the copper plating on its outermost layer, the internal material isn’t any known substance on earth!” “After the sampling analysis, the material which is dark green, and looks like bronze, is not bronze . It is the extraterrestrial material discovered in Xinjiang in 200, which is codenamed ‘Glass Meteorite’ . ” The prodigy shouted hoarsely, and his face was looked overjoyed . “Generally, there is no such material on the earth to make this ancient lamp!” “It is a non-earthed product . It must have been made by the alien life system! The alien life has come to Earth and left it!” “Wait!” At this moment, Director Guo was puzzled and confused . He was shocked by a series of surprising news, so he could only make gestures and stuttered . “Please...;please repeat it again . I am so confused now...;” These researchers of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, who had shocking discoveries, repeated the explanation to Director Guo . After a very short time . In the meeting room of the administrative building of the central head . During this period of time, all the research and analysis news about the lovers lamp from the Chinese Academy of Sciences were submitted by the Secretary-General . Compared with the analysis results heard by Director Guo, the data obtained by the head No . 1 was undoubtedly more rigorous and comprehensive, and more nuanced . Inside the quiet office . The head No . 1 slowly lowered the data report on the desktop, lit a non-nicotine cigarette dedicated to refreshing up, took a sip, stood up, and looked at the Chinese map hanging behind him . His gaze fixed in the Qinling Mountains and Rivers where Meng Jingyu was unearthed . He remained silent for a long time . Chapter 41 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 41: Fooling Around!</strong>  And regardless of the fact the lovers lamp buried with Hu Feng was made of the meteorites, the cloud image of the galaxy M82 perfectly displayed on the surface of the lamp gave the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the National Special Bureau, and even the heads of the central government a great impact! Currently Meng Jingyu, also took the initiative to find Director Guo, to state something . “What?” “Master Meng, you’re going to take away the lovers lamp now? And you’re not going to wait like this and let the country look for her? You want to act yourself?” In the national special bureau building, Director Guo was greatly shocked by his sudden statement . But he didn’t directly ask Meng Jingyu about the promise of handing over the Kunlun secret martial arts and training 30 people personally . As if he had understood what Director Guo wanted to say . “Director Guo, don’t worry, I will live up to my promise!” Hu Feng smiled . “But I can’t stay here . You kept me here to so that the country could find Qingxue . I can’t stand wasting so much time . I’d better find her myself . ” Director Guo relaxed a bit and he thought . The study of the lovers lamp, along with the report of galaxy M82, which stated that it was clearly from outer space, had been submitted . At this moment, if he returned the lamp to Meng Jingyu, though he might feel sorry about the researchers of the Chinese Academy of Sciences who wanted to research deeper, but it was not unacceptable . When he was pondering, Hu Feng mentioned another thing in a candid manner, which the country had long promised him . “There is one more thing that requires the national special bureau to help me . ” Director Guo heard it and looked at him with a slight confusion . Hu Feng solemnly said . “In the past, China was poor and weak, so it was nicknamed ‘the sick man in East Asia’ . I haven’t practiced martial arts before challenging the Japanese invaders . I was shot and seriously injured . I was almost dead on the spot!” “It’s not too late to revenge . ” “I currently plan to take the initiative to challenge the famous martial arts of other countries . It is not only for the country, but also for my personal vengeance . I hope the country can help me communicate with these opponents in advance and promote my behavior in the country . ” Speaking of which . Hu Feng shook his body, and the modern jacket dropped on the ground . Instead, he was wearing a tight-fitting white kung fu suit, and there were some blood-red words on his front and back . Hu Feng slightly turned sideways for Director Guo to see the words on his kungfu suit . On his chest . “Best Martial Arts!” On his back . “Sweep the World!” The font was bright and blood-red, and it looked arrogant and confident . For a moment, Director Guo couldn’t help but get stunned . Obviously, he wanted to fool around! And it was definitely trivial . He wanted to dominate the martial arts world? Noticing that Director Guo was shocked by his own actions, Hu Feng was happy . He still pretended to be serious and talked proudly and arrogantly . “I know that the new China is now in peace and prosperity, and the national strength is only weaker than the United States of America . But for me, I can never forget the pain and humiliation . If I can’t get revenge, I can’t sleep, I have no inner peace, and I have no face to see my ancestors!” Director Guo wanted to discourage him, but Hu Feng simply didn’t give him any chance . “Because of this, I want to take actions!” “In the upcoming days, I will challenge the world’s famous martial artists and fighters . I will create a road to the top martial arts master in the world, which will cheer and inspire the unyielding spirit of China for five thousand years . ” Seeing Director Guo frowned, Hu Feng continued seriously . “Don’t limit the number of opponents, nor the opponent’s weapons or the fighting style, I have only these 3 rules when challenging martial arts fighters at the global level . ” Hu Feng looked persistent . “My first opponent will be the famous Japanese martial artist who almost killed me . ” Director Guo couldn’t help but remind him . “Master Meng, do you actually want to try to kill the martial arts masters and fighters? This...;this will have a bad international influence...;” Hu Feng answered . “Please don’t insult my martial spirit . I can guarantee that in all competitions, none of my opponents will die!” Director Guo was stunned . What do you mean? You mean that they may have a serious injury or a mental breakdown? Although he thought so, he didn’t really say it out . What’s more, at present, the national special bureau can’t help him with the international game and the national promotion since they were to act secretly . Thinking, Director Guo began to play the most common trick, which was ‘pass the buck’ . “Master Meng, it’s extraordinary if you need the endorsement of the country . I need to ask my superiors, please wait patiently...;” However . Hu Feng wasn’t buying it! Passing the buck? Don’t even think about it! Frowning, Hu Feng put on a serious look and shouted . “I have decided it, don’t pass the buck!” “After three days, I will hold a press conference in public, and invite international journalists to come and publicly announce my intention to single-handedly challenge the world’s famous martial artists and fighters...;” He slightly glanced at Director Guo . Sure enough, Director Guo’s face looked bad and almost cried . “Master Meng...;why so urgent? Your idea of challenging the global martial artists is very good, but the details can be discussed!” Director Guo quickly added . “For example, in what name do you want to challenge? You have no father, no mother, no sect, you can’t challenge as a nameless person? The country can arrange a fake identity for you . There are many details that can be studied here...;” But how could Hu Feng waste his time and play a word game with him here? He turned and left . Only in the whistling wind, his last sentence could be vaguely heard . “Farewell!” There was only Director Guo left alone in the office . Chapter 42 <strong>Chapter 42: Amazing Imagination</strong>  To put it bluntly, the reason why Hu Feng asked the official to cooperate with the propaganda and challenged martial artists and fighters around the world partly because he wanted fudge values . After all, from the policy of maintaining stability, his attempt to let everyone practice martial arts had just been halted by the state . Even if the country was willing to compromise and let millions of soldiers practice martial arts, the amount of fudge values they could provide couldn’t be compared with those from hundreds of millions of Chinese people practicing martial arts . Hu Feng was feeling very uncomfortable! “You won’t let me spread the martial arts to all the people of the country? Fine!” “I should ask the media to cooperate fully, and madly promote my behavior . I want to be the top martial artist among billions of Chinese people, and fool the people all over the world to believe in the existence of secret martial arts!” In order to vent his inner feelings and earn more fudge value, he left after declaring that he would challenge the world . As for how much trouble he would cause and how many think tank analysts would hold an emergency meeting due to his reckless behavior, Hu Feng didn’t care about it at all . Though with the magical system, he created the spiritual mobile game and the secret martial arts masters who came out of the grave, but the seemingly far-sighted and cautious Hu Feng, was essentially a teenager who just obtained the system! Normal teenagers, at the age of Hu Feng, were often rebellious and naughty . They especially liked to show off in front of people like a male peacock, or do some stupid things...; Due to the environment and their own abilities, most teenagers won’t have much impact on the society . But Hu Feng wasn’t the same! With the system that could easily change the world, he could realize any of his idea . At present, it was just a beginning that he demanded the Chinese government to cooperate and help promote the first martial arts game in the world, so that he can challenge the martial artists all over the world . Hu Feng had made up his mind . In the future, he would not only make troubles behind the scenes, but also change his identity, an ordinary high school student . He could be a top figure in the world! “What should I design for myself? Once exposed to the country, how can I explain my experience?” Holding his chin, Hu Feng fell into an interesting meditation . Anyway, he had time, so he didn’t have to come up with an idea in a short time . After venting his inner feelings, he was relaxed . However, after Director Guo reported the news, the top leaders of the country gathered up . “Meng Jingyu really likes to make trouble!” A head of the central government holding a photo of Meng Jingyu in his hand shouted in anger . “Did he ask all domestic media and online platforms to broadcast his games, and also required the country to interfere and contact the martial artists all over the world, so that he can take the initiative to challenge?” “How can he do this? So many rude requests, does he think he’s the emperor?” The other heads of the central government either paid attention to the face of the head No . 1, or calmly smoked, or even simply stayed quiet . No one answered him . Feeling that the atmosphere was weird, he was a bit stunned . Then he continued to criticize and eventually sat down, as if nothing happened . Although the head No . 1 didn’t express any words on Meng Jingyu, but sometimes silence still meant something . “Actually, I think, Meng’s request is nothing but a trivial matter . ” The head No . 2 stood up since he knew it . “The key is to understand what Meng Jingyu is thinking now?” “When the public security department handles the murder case, it is key point to understand the motive of the murderer! Is it for love? For money? Revenge? Usually, as long as we find the motive, the chances of finding the real murderer will increase greatly . ” Circling the face of Meng Jingyu with the red pen, the head No . 2 knocked on the conference table . “Did he really want revenge as he suddenly asked to challenge? I don’t think so!” He immediately analyzed meaningfully . “The lovers lamp is indeed made by the galaxy M82, Kunlun, which is 12 million light years away . With the current level of technology, we cannot reach this galaxy . ” “But is his lover, Lin Qingxue, was she really missing mysteriously? Or has she died naturally? Or has she quietly returned to the galaxy M82?” “Maybe, he wanted to challenge the martial artists all over the world this time because he doesn’t fully believe in the power of the country to help him find people, so he took the initiative to take this opportunity to deal with it . ” “He believes that as long as Lin Qingxue is still on the earth and witnesses his deeds of challenging, it’s impossible for her, not to come and meet him!” Shaking his head, the head No . 2 boldly hypothesized . “In the name of challenging the martial artists, in fact he still can’t trust the national government, so that he wants to find her through media channel...;” “And he should be sure, even if we know his true intentions, because he hasn’t handed over the promised Kunlun secret martial arts, we must cooperate with him!” “This is a conspiracy! No matter how we think, the result is the same...; Meng Jingyu is really crafty and scheming . It will be a big mistake if we treat him naively!” The head No . 2 really had amazing imagination . After his speech, many central leaders in the conference room couldn’t help but sigh, and everyone was very scared . The head No . 1 said slowly . “I command all members of the General Staff to analyze the true intentional motive of Meng Jingyu overnight, watch all the video files of Meng Jingyu, and study whether he has a hidden meaning in all his words...; At the same time, fabricate the origins, the inheritance of the martial arts, and other information, and arrange a proper identity for him . ” “Order the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to immediately dispatch the personnel of the embassies to contact the famous martial artists in all countries, and make sure they accept the challenge against Meng Jingyu...;” “In addition, arrange major entities, online news media channels to unconditionally cooperate with Meng Jingyu’s domestic propaganda, make public opinion, and speculate on his behavior in all aspects...;” “Didn’t Meng Jingyu threaten to hold a press conference after three days? Arrange the Bird’s Nest to close and clean now, so that it’s easier for him to hold a press conference there . ” Chapter 43 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 43: Propaganda!</strong>  Late at night . In the General Staff cabin of the People’s Liberation Army . It was brightly lit . All the 800 members of the General Staff were here . In accordance with the order, they began to complete their missions . The 30-member team of the fourth group of General Staff received the mission, ‘Fabricate a flawless modern identity for Kunlun’ . After reading through a large number of documents, the fourth group came up with some ideas about Kunlun . The secret martial arts sect Kunlun was formed at the end of the Qin Dynasty . In order to conceal itself, the sect has always been in the Kunlun Mountains, a remote area with an altitude of over 4,500 meters above sea level in China . Kunlun strictly protects its secret martial arts . Before each apprenticeship, it repeatedly checks the personality and habits of the disciple . They usually only accept one disciple every generation...; In the end, all the general offices were integrated and the documents were submitted by each group . Not only the story of secret martial arts sect Kunlun was completed, but even the names of all the Kunlun masters had been fabricated! Meng Jingyu’s own place of origin, life stories and other information were vivid . Meng Jingyu, the 89th generation secret disciple of Kunlun, was born in Xin’an County, Luoyang City, Henan Province in 1921 . He passed the test of Kunlun in his childhood and successfully entered to study its secret martial arts . His master, Yue Tuo, was 70 years old, who passed away after teaching Meng Jingyu for more than ten years . After burying his master, Meng Jingyu, who had completed learning, decided to go down the mountains to visit his relatives, which coincided with the invasion of the Japanese invaders . The incompetent Chiang Kai-shek blasted the garden gate, causing the Yellow River dam to break, and Meng Jingyu’s relatives died due to mass flooding . A very small number of lucky people struggled to survive, and they were also arrested by the Japanese invaders for mining and repairing the railway . With his secret martial arts, he wanted revenge . Meng Jingyu had been active on the battlefield . He not only killed and robbed the Japanese invaders, but also attacked the national army . In this process, the armed anti-Japanese forces found Meng Jingyu, so they contacted each other and cooperated with the operation . With extraordinary power, Meng Jingyu killed many key figures and destroyed hundreds of Japanese bunkers...; After the founding of the People’s Republic of China, Meng Jingyu returned to Kunlun quietly after attending the founding ceremony in Tiananmen Square in 1949 . Unexpectedly, after the long-term secret martial arts practice in the Kunlun Mountains, Meng Jingyu’s martial arts realm had increased and doubled to the point where there was no one had ever come before, and also reached to the point where his body was rejuvenated and continued to look like his youth . At age 97, Meng Jingyu now still looked like a young man in his early twenties! Meng Jingyu felt that the Chinese martial arts had become mediocre nowadays . Therefore, he took the initiative to ask the country for help . He wanted to challenge the top famous martial artists and fighters all over the world, in order to show the world that Chinese martial arts still lived up to its name . Looking at the stories of Meng Jingyu, which were made up by many people, everyone in the General Staff Department felt that it was too weird . “The chief of staff, will anyone believe this?” Some couldn’t help but murmur . Frowning, the chief of staff yelled . “Do you think I want to show them this? What else can I do?” “The order clearly requested that we must not modify the identity of Meng Jingyu as a person of the Republic of China . Can we state that he has been sleeping in the coffin for so many years, and recently he was dug up and brought back to life? Do you want me to be sent to the military court?” “And if you don’t make his past glorious, how do you explain that the country desperately promotes it and praises him?” The chief of staff continued . “Don’t waste time! Hurry to create the website of Kunlun Secret Martial Arts . Upload all the information about the Kunlun and Meng Jingyu immediately on the website . It’s also easier for the people to know him when he challenges the masters all over the world . ” Within very short time, a new website with the domain name ‘Kunlun Secret Martial Arts’ was created . If netizens clicked in, they could see various introductions and the photos with simple typography . Among them, 60% of the pages were focused on “legendary deeds of Meng Jingyu” for the country and the bloody battle! In addition, regarding the rejuvenation of Meng Jingyu, the website also started a special topic to discuss this issue from a scientific perspective . Various medical research reports on human body ensured that the netizens would be impressed! Even if a professional medical researcher clicked in, they weren’t afraid because all the data was deduced from the supercomputer in the laboratory, hence professional doctors couldn’t doubt it . The establishment of the website was just the beginning . The next day . All the major entities and network virtual news media channels that received notice from the higher authorities had started to publicize and report on the news about ‘Kunlun secret martial artist Meng Jingyu, who was about to challenge the global martial artists for the country’ . People’s Daily Headlines – “The old anti-Japanese 97-year-old hero Meng Jingyu dominates the domestic martial arts, is about to challenge the martial arts fighters all over the world” UC shock department – “Shock! He looks like in his 20s, why is his real age on the ID card is 97?” WeChat and Webo, headline reports – “Do you know? The original secret martial arts actually exist! The reason why this person remains young” “What is Kunlun secret martial arts? Why isn’t he afraid of time?” When all the major news media in China began to promote Hu Feng’s behavior, the hype was used to highlight public opinion, tens of millions of netizens were shocked! As an ordinary office worker, Liu Tao felt happy when browsing Webo and the major current affairs forum . But today! Almost all of the headlines were related to Meng Jingyu, a Kunlun secret martial artist . And looking at various reports, this young man who seemed to be in his early twenties was actually an old man born in 1921 who was almost a hundred years old . Media, are you teasing me? Today isn’t April Fool’s Day, is it? Liu Tao, who couldn’t understand it, just clicked in and then scrolled down the page . Suddenly, he saw the comments from some netizens . Netizen from Hebei . “I carefully looked at the photos of the 97-year-old revolutionary veteran Meng Jingyu, and then observed my 30-year-old face with the front camera of the mobile phone, and finally got a surprising conclusion – If my eyes aren’t strange, the world is too crazy!” Netizen from Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region . “Is there really the secret martial arts in the world mentioned in the headline? Can people turn back the clock with practicing? I can’t believe it...;” Netizen from Jiangxi . “What’s wrong with my mobile phone? What are these reports? I can see why UC reports this weird and eye-catching stuff, but why the People’s Daily, the Communist Youth League Central Committee also promotes the Kunlun secret martial artist Meng Jingyu?” Netizen from Hunan . “Hey, hey! After reading this report, I resigned right away . I am going to Kunlun for an apprenticeship! I am sorry, I will become a disciple of Meng Jingyu! I will remain young!” Chapter 44 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 44: Trivia</strong>  It seems that everyone is dubious just like me! Pondering, Liu Tao left the forum and directly logged in to QQ . 99+ group message! Unread message 710! Liu Tao read the messages in these groups, almost all of which were speculation about Kunlun Secret Martial Arts and Meng Jingyu . Some people thought that the so-called Kunlun secret martial arts was a kind of qigong art, which directly changed the cell activity, otherwise it was impossible to rejuvenate one’s body . Some people also raised objections and thought that there was no Kunlun secret martial arts at all, and it was impossible that Meng Jingyu was 97 years old . In fact, the country had researched genetic medicine . Because of the strategy of fooling the United States, they faked the reports . Some friends were confused, if they lived in a materialistic world then why there was Meng Jingyu . They couldn’t understand why the media directly under the national government and the online platforms promoted it together . More netizens neither trusted the news media nor denied the existence of the so-called 97-year-old Kunlun secret martial artist Meng Jingyu . All the arguments had nothing to do with them, they were simply rubbernecking . At the same time . In the restricted military area where Meng Jingyu resided in, Director Guo rushed over with several subordinates . “Master Meng, the idea that you want to hold a press conference three days later to announce that you want to challenge the fighters has already been passed . ” Director Guo went straight to the topic . Director Guo signaled his subordinates to hand in the identity certificate and the fake account . After reading these documents, Hu Feng couldn’t help but smile . The country actually explained the fictional non-existent martial arts sect Kunlun as a secret martial arts sect which was stationed in the Kunlun Mountains . The names of the masters of each generation were also written in the documents . In the documents, the 97-year-old veteran who was the only disciple of Kunlun, had a wonderful life, including joining a war, participating in the founding of the country, retiring to practice the secret martial arts, reaching the realm where no one had ever reached before, and rejuvenating his body . Waving the documents, Hu Feng couldn’t help but smile and asked Director Guo . “Do you think that I really look like an elder who is almost a hundred years old?” Director Guo nodded seriously . “Three Liars Make a Tiger!” “Master Meng, it doesn’t matter whether you believe it or not . Our propaganda machine will promote for you day and night . Even if the general public doesn’t believe it at first, they will gradually accept it...;” Hu Feng understood what he meant . The top leaders of the country planned to keep a secret of the fact that Kunlun was actually the galaxy M82 12 million light years away from earth . To this end, they would rather fabricate the Kunlun sect that didn’t exist and his various glorious deeds, on his head . “It seems that the Chinese Academy of Sciences were really shocked by the lovers lamp . The state has already believed it, otherwise it would have been impossible to do so...;” Hu Feng secretly speculated . When he was satisfied with his own plan . “Master Meng, you said that you want the country help you publicize and broadcast, to the masses of the people in the country, when challenging the other masters from various countries, we are authorized by the superior...;” Director Guo said . “The shooting teams who completed the first season of ‘China on the tip of the tongue’ and the ‘Life String’ late night food documentary, currently have more than 200 people, and they’re staying in the Beijing Hotel . Master Meng, your every fight will be broadcasted live by them in 360 degrees . ” Suddenly, Director Guo added . “In view of the signal problem of the global live broadcast, our special national government has arranged two meteorological remote sensing satellites, which can serve as the receiving source of the transfer station . As long as you don’t go to places like the Bermuda Triangle, any place can be perfectly synchronized for the domestic transmission!” “As for the press conference that you want to hold the day after tomorrow, we have already notified the reporters of the major media channels . You can hold it in the bird’s nest . ” “As for famous martial artists and fighters all over the world, the state has already issued a letter of challenge to the embassies of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in various places, and the pressure from various channels will force them to accept . ” “Three luxury cruise ships are in place . Now they are docked at Qinhuangdao . The state has also drawn a formation of warships from the Navy to protect you for a long time to avoid unnecessary troubles...;” These preparations mentioned by Director Guo were trivial . But if no country prepared them in advance, Hu Feng would have felt it undoubtedly extremely troublesome . If the country didn’t arrange all this, he might have even used his fudge values . Now that the country was willing to serve, Hu Feng didn’t have to be personally involved . “I am very relieved by the work done by the national special bureau!” Hu Feng laughed and then said a sentence that shocked Director Guo . “After I challenge the global martial artists, I will come back to help the country in guiding 30 people to practice the secret martial arts . I feel that it’s necessary to add two additional students, I will let the national special bureau choose freely . ” “Ha! Thank you, Master Meng!” According to Director Guo, though the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee didn’t say it clearly, everyone knew that 30 precious places that could accept the guidance of Meng Jingyu personally on the secret martial arts had long been allocated according to different factions . As a rising star, what should the national special bureau compete with the military and CPPCC with? But now, Meng Jingyu was still willing to give extra places to the national special bureau . It was simply a blessing! Director Guo, who laughed gladly, immediately began to repay him . “Master Meng, you have to travel around the world and challenge the martial artists from all countries . If there are no few state banquet chefs on the way, can you even sleep well?” “I know some people at the State Banquet Hotel . It’s definitely not a problem to arrange 8 chefs to accompany you on the cruise ship!” Hu Feng directly smiled . Director Guo then talked about a key issue . “Master Meng, as for the Kunlun Secret Martial Arts you’re going to hand over to the country, what is its name?” Director Guo looked at him awkwardly . “Today, major domestic news media organizations have sent inquiries to our special national bureau...; They want to find out what the specific name of Kunlun Secret Martial Arts is, otherwise it might have a negative impact on the promotion . ” “We need a specific name when introducing to the public!” Hearing this, Hu Feng couldn’t help but smile wryly . If it wasn’t for Director Guo’s reminder now, he seemed to have forgotten about it . He actually hadn’t given the Kunlun Secret Martial Arts any name! Chapter 45 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 45: 30,000-layered Dragon Elephant Wave!</strong>  “What should I take for a catchy name of Kunlun Secret Martial Arts?” Hu Feng slightly narrowed his eyes and thought about it . He suddenly thought the martial arts TV series ‘The Condor Heroes’ in his childhood, the great villain had a powerful skill – “Dragon Elephant Wave”! In the TV series, the limit of the number of internal layers was 10 . Every time a normal person trained a layer, he could get the brute force of 1 dragon and 1 elephant . The highest was the power of the 10 dragons and 10 elephants . This was similar with the martial arts that Hu Feng intended to hand over to the country, which greatly enhanced their strength, physical fitness, speed and resilience . “I don’t have to completely follow the TV series!” “I am the master of the secret martial arts I created!” Hu Feng thought badly . “There will be 30,000 layers!” “Every time you reach a new realm, you can greatly enhance the strength . You can increase the speed of cultivation by ingesting a lot of high-calorie, high-protein, and high-value foods . ” “Every time you cultivate a hundred layers of realm, you can get the power of one dragon . As the most common entry-level basic practice in Kunlun, of course, it can’t be the power of the real dragon . It is just the power of a crocodile! About 1 . 5 ton of force!” “With every thousand layers of cultivation, you can gain not only the power of 1 elephant (the mammoth of the Ice Age, the full-speed running of the mammoth), but also the speed, toughness, endurance, physical fitness...;” “So on, and the 30,000-level realm is the limit...;” Thinking of this, Hu Feng smiled . “Mr . Jin Yong, the Dragon Elephant Wave in the novel is very good . ” “But it’s mine now!” “Ha!” Hu Feng laughed in his mind . Director Guo and others still thought that he was recalling the name of the secret Kunlun martial arts . They held their breath and dared not to bother . After a while, Hu Feng looked at the people in front and solemnly said . “I have already recalled the name of Kunlun Secret Martial Arts . ” “It is ‘Dragon Elephant Wave’!” When Meng Jingyu said the name, all the people in the National Special Bureau couldn’t believe their ears! In particular, Director Guo, who took the lead, was shocked and stunned! As a master of martial arts novels, Jin Yong had many works being adapted into TV dramas, which had always been popular in China . Even after many years, the heat of ‘The Condor Heroes’ remained! For this reason, Director Guo was also very clear about Dragon Elephant Wave, which was the skill of the great villain . But reality wasn’t an imaginary martial arts novel! A resident of the galaxy M82, Kunlun, 12 million light years away, could even come up with the skill from a martial arts novel on earth? How to explain this? Director Guo was shocked and puzzled . Since Kunlun could let their female disciple Lin Qingxue practice on earth and fall in love with an ordinary person Meng Jingyu, then are there any other Kunlun disciples also lurking on the earth and living the same life as ordinary people? With the pen name Jin Yong and the real name Louis Cha, he was a famous martial arts novelist who moved to Hong Kong . Was he a Kunlun disciple like Lin Qingxue? In the ordinary life of the earth, he felt that writing martial arts novels would not reveal himself, so he enjoyed his creativity . In some secret tactics, he was too lazy to innovate and think of their names, hence he simply put the names of the martial arts he saw in Kunlun into his novels . After all, in the view of Louis Cha, even if he did this, the people on earth who had never understood Kunlun or even arrived there couldn’t see through it! The more he pondered, the more Director Guo felt that it was possible . Now though they couldn’t find female disciple Lin Qingxue, if he could catch a male disciple from Kunlun, Louis Cha, the national special bureau undoubtedly would have a great achievement! Director Guo started breathing fast . Seeming to feel hot, Director Guo turned and pulled his tied off . He said excitedly with his hoarse voice . “Immediately inform the members of the National Special Bureau of Hong Kong, and contact the troops stationed in Hong Kong...;” “With the pen name Jin Yong and the real name Louis Cha, he is likely to be a male disciple of Kunlun lurking on the earth . We first evacuate the people around him, and then carry out the live capture plan to ensure that he has nowhere to escape!” “If we can’t catch Lin Qingxue, it’s fine . But we must not let go this Kunlun male disciple . We need him to get more information about Kunlun!” “Also, arrange for the military aircraft and the top hypnotist! I will lead the team to Hong Kong, and interrogate this Kunlun disciple, Louis Cha, personally!” The other members of the national special bureau, was at first stunned, but soon understood what Director Guo meant, hence they immediately rushed out . At this moment, Director Guo didn’t continue to stay with Meng Jingyu . He wanted to make deeds and quickly left . Seeing the members of the national special bureau leave, Hu Feng was a little bit happy . I just borrowed the name of the skill of the great villain in the martial arts TV series . How can you have such a vivid imagination? What can I say? Is the ability of special agents strong? 25 minutes later, in Louis Cha’s house, Hong Kong, China . All members of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region branch were armed, and each one looked nervous and couldn’t wait to start the operation . “The radar group is ready for monitoring . ” “Evacuation of the masses has been completed . ” “The peripheral alert has been completed . ” “The bombing group is ready . ” “The emergency medical team has arrived . ” “The snipers are in place, and the data such as wind direction and wind speed are calibrated, and rubber anesthesia bullets can be fired at any time . ” “Please pay attention! This is the last time to verify the time . 30 seconds later, bomb the mansion of Louis Cha, and everyone starts the action!” “Catch him alive, we must catch him alive!” 4 hours later . In interrogation room of the Hong Kong branch of the National Special Bureau . Director Guo had already taken a military aircraft and arrived with the top hypnotist to assist in the investigation . “What is the result of the interrogation of Louis Cha?” Director Guo asked . The members of the Hong Kong branch of the National Security Bureau answered with wry smiles . “He has always refused to cooperate . Not only did he ask the lawyer to sue us of breaking into private residence, but also asked us to release him immediately and unconditionally...;” “Because he is a Hong Kong celebrity, we couldn’t torture him...;” “Well, I had expected this . ” Director Guo waved his hand . “So I specially went to other department to invite the top hypnotist, and also bring the truth serum that the American FBI uses to interrogate the suspects!” “Without the means of torture, I can still make him talk!” “Follow me . ” Chapter 46 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 46: Press Conference</strong>  Time flew by as two days passed . Early in the morning, inside the Beijing Bird’s Nest . Along with a large number of special agents of the National Special Bureau who maintained security and discipline at the scene, reporters from the major international and domestic news and media rushed on the scene with interview permits on their chests . Some of them were arranging a variety of photographic interviewing machines in advance, and some were preparing for interviews . They were waiting for the protagonist of the press conference, the 97-year-old revolutionary veteran Meng Jingyu . Thanks to the propaganda of the vast domestic news media, and the curiosity about the Kunlun Secret Martial Arts, the Bird’s Nest which could accommodate 80,000 people was full quickly after it was opened! Even after the National Special Bureau temporarily arranged another 30,000 seats, it was simply not enough for the crowds . As a last resort, the staff of the Bird’s Nest, who were actually from the National Special Bureau, could only declare that the venue was full and temporarily closed, so most of the people had to leave unhappily . However, there were still a small group of people who insisted on standing outside the nest and watching the upcoming press conference with their mobile phones . At 9am . , Hu Feng stepped on the red carpet, entered the scene from the special passage, enjoyed the attention of the 110,000 people in the Bird’s Nest, and even accepted several bouquets from the girls arranged by the National Science Bureau in advance . It could be said that Hu Feng fully enjoyed the focus of the crowd under the spotlight, before walking to the center of the stage slowly . When he got on the stage, the reporters kept taking photos and the live broadcast of the entire platform was also started simultaneously . Almost at the same time, the staff in the Bird’s Nest, who were actually from National Special Bureau and specialized in serving him, followed the original plan and raised an unusually attractive banner behind the highly anticipated platform of Meng Jingyu . On the wide banner, there were some eye-catching words, exactly what Meng Jingyu showed to Director Guo on that day . – Sweep the world, the best martial arts! Hu Feng also began to give a speech . “Countries all over the world have misunderstood China . They mistakenly believe that its citizens are too modest, too afraid to express themselves, and not good at showing off . ” “In the following month of traveling around the world and challenging the martial artists, I will use the Kunlun secret martial arts Dragon Elephant Wave to completely break this prejudice . ” “The martial artists all over the world are destined to lose!” “I don’t talk nonsense . I will challenge the famous Japanese martial artists first!” With the sound reinforcement equipment, his voice echoed in countless people’s ears and was clearly audible . In an instant, the audiences were shocked . Obviously, thanks to the publicity of the news media, these audiences knew that Meng Jingyu was going to challenge the famous martial artists without rules that limited the venues, weapons, or the number of opponents...; But they really didn’t expect that he would be so arrogant today . It could be said that he had absolute confidence in his own strength! Although there were very few live audiences cheering up for Meng Jingyu, most people still thought that he underestimated the martial artists all over the world . The reporters from all over the world keenly surrounded him and stopped him with the microphones . “Mr . Meng, I am an invited reporter from Thailand . Muay Thai is very fierce and the most suitable for actual combat . When are you going to challenge the Muay Thai master?” “Hello, Mr . Meng! I am a reporter from the United States . Today, I hope I ask...;” “Mr . Meng, please stop! I am a reporter for the China Times . I just want to ask you 3 questions...;” In the face of these crazy reporters, Hu Feng put on an indifferent face and raised his hand to look at the time . “My time can’t be wasted, and the cruise will soon head out to Japan . My agent will inform you everything . ” Pointing to a special agent of the national special bureau, Hu Feng left through the special passage . After the end of the ultra-short press conference, countless netizens also expressed various comments . “Cool! Whether Meng Jingyu can challenge successfully or not, I will support him! At the press conference, he was so cool!” “Is he really a revolutionary veteran who is almost a hundred years old? Why is he so crazy?” “Dragon Elephant Wave? Isn’t this in the TV shows? Really? Is there really such a thing in reality? According to the introduction, he can have the brute force of ten dragons and ten elephants . Is Meng Jingyu already successful in this technique?” “Strongly demand that Meng Jingyu make public the Dragon Elephant Wave, we also want to learn!” “Savage! Is it funny? Meng Jingyu thinks he is the contemporary Bruce Li? Funny!” However, from the perspective of the national network, many enthusiastic young people still liked to support the style of Meng Jingyu . They had regarded him as an idol, and they admired that he was really a revolutionary veteran! And with the end of the 2018 World Cup, there was nothing on the online gambling platform . They also took advantage of the challenge of Meng Jingyu to make alternative gambling bets on the homepage of the website! On the first challenge, will Meng Jingyu lose or win? How many games can Meng Jingyu win in a row? How many games can Meng Jingyu win in Japan? For the first Japanese martial artist who challenged him, is the total number of words in his name singular or double? All his deeds that could be brought out to attract the attention of netizens have become the bets of these gambling platforms! However, in view of the country’s high concern for Meng Jingyu, these online gambling platforms were immediately found by the network police department . A large number of police officers arrested them, and those platforms became extinct in a very short time . Leisurely staying in the cabin of a luxury cruise ship heading to Japan, Hu Feng wanted to rest quietly . Naturally, no one came to bother him . Lying freely, Hu Feng secretly contacted the system and asked about the amount of fudge values he had earned . ” Director Guo and other high-levels of the National Special Bureau believe that Kunlun exist in the galaxy M82 12 million light years away from earth, and contribute fudge value +5911 . 04...;” “The netizen Zhao Wei recognizes the Kunlun secret martial arts and contributes fudge value +13 . 15...;” “Netizen Kong Yueyu believes the existence of Kunlun Dragon Elephant Wave and contributes fudge value +21 . 63...;” “The total fudge value you have is 478932 . ” Sure enough, it was easy to earn fudge values with the power of the country! He planned a mobile game before but only earned 100,000 fudge values . Nowadays he not only attracted the attentions from all over world, but also earned nearly 500,000 fudge values before challenging the martial artists with the publicity of the national news media, and it took no effort! It was conceivable that when he defeated the martial artists with the Kunlun Dragon Elephant Wave, he would definitely convince the public to recognize the Kunlun secret martial arts, in order to earn more fudge values . Considering that the country still wanted him to personally guide the 30 people to practice the Dragon Elephant Wave, and intended to promote it in the army of the People’s Liberation Army, Hu Feng seemed to amass fudge values coming toward him! Thinking of this, Hu Feng couldn’t help but applaud for himself . It was really awesome to earn fudge values with the help of the country . Chapter 47 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 47: The Focus of Tokyo</strong>  Not only the media in China received the orders from the authorities to publicize Meng Jingyu, but also media in Tokyo, which kept finding ways to make big news and improve their ratings, constantly reported Meng JIngyu’s stories and the famous martial artists in Japan . Who will win? Kunlun secret martial artist Meng Jingyu? Or Dashan Bida, the great karate master? Close matchup! Miyamoto Musashi of the Heisei era – Kuniyi, the 18th generation of the Kashima versus Kunlun secret martial artist Meng Jingyu . The battle for the best Eastern Asian martial artist title! Who can defeat Meng Jingyu? Japanese martial arts crisis! Who can stop him? – Kunlun Challenger – Meng Jingyu! CX Fuji TV, NTV Japan TV Station, EX Asahi TV, TV TOKYO and many other news media were competing . Before Meng Jingyu arrived in Tokyo, the Japanese people were already interested in it . Out of national self-respect and pride, many Japanese netizens were discussing on the Internet, and they wanted to give this ignorant Chinese challenger a lesson! More radical netizens chose to go to the major Japanese dojos, and hoped that the masters of the major sects could fight against Meng Jingyu . Some of the opposition politicians who were preparing for the next Japanese general election also took the opportunity to publicly express their willingness to come up with some of their own political contributions to reward those martial artists who defeated Meng Jingyu, thereby attracting popularity . Even those Japanese martial arts sects that didn’t receive the challenge invitation from the Chinese Embassy in Japan, also spontaneously sent people to Tokyo, intending to watch the next game in the Tokyo Budokan and cheering up for the famous Japanese martial artists . A few days on the cruise had passed . Meng Jingyu came to Tokyo with great attention form everyone . According to the arrangement of the Chinese Embassy in Japan, Meng Jingyu was supposed to heal his body, adjust his physical fitness and rest for a day or two . Then, the 12 games against the famous Japanese martial artists would be held in the Tokyo Budokan in the next 4 days . The opponents that Meng Jingyu would face were karate master Dashan Bida, kendo champion Kuniyi, judo master Maeda Kazuo...; However . After hearing the arrangements made by the embassy, Meng Jingyu directly refused . “No need, I can take a rest today, and I will formally challenge them in the Tokyo Budokan tomorrow morning . ” Not waiting for the people around to react, Hu Feng once again said . “It’s a waste of time holding only three challenges per day . Immediately inform those martial artists that all the challenges will be held tomorrow . ” People in the embassy couldn’t believe what they heard . Even a warrior made with iron would feel exhausted if facing 12 Japanese martial arts elites in one day? “Mr . Meng, can you handle this? If four days are too long for you, we can help you reduce it to three days!” However, not caring what these people said, Hu Feng still insisted . After the director of the embassy asked the high-level officials, they couldn’t help but obey Hu Feng’s will and had to send people to contact the Japanese martial artists . At the same time, they announced that Meng Jingyu had revised the challenge’s time . On the Internet of Tokyo, numerous netizens were simply raging . “Meng Jingyu from China? Is he trying to humiliate us people? Challenging the 12 strong people in one day, who does he think he is?” “A superficial and ignorant guy! I think that in the third game, he will be exhausted!” “Anyone knows which martial artist is the first to play against Meng Jingyu? I really hope that he won’t hesitate to teach him a lesson!” The major Japanese news media, who were eager for the fray, even came to the Chinese Embassy to interview Meng Jingyu before the challenge began . Hu Feng was willing to let them report about him frantically outside, making more people know about him . At the moment, Hu Feng was also determined to ridicule the Japanese when answering questions of reporters! The Asahi TV reporter asked him first . “Mr . Meng, why do you insist on challenging 12 Japanese martial arts elites in a row, in one day?” Hu Feng deliberately showed his proud face with absolute confidence, and raised a finger against the reporter, shaking slightly . “If I have to say the reason, I think these 12 opponents are too weak . ” Suddenly, all the reporters were stunned and shocked on the spot . But soon, they became excited and started recording . Even some people, while taking pictures, had already thought about the headlines this evening . ’The Chinese challenger Meng Jingyu personally admits that the 12 Japanese martial arts elites are far from strong enough, and he can easily knock them down with a finger!’ This incomparably shocking headline, coupled with the video that Meng Jingyu gave his finger up, definitely would make the news go viral! At the same time, journalists from other TV stations were also eager to ask questions again . Seeing this, Hu Feng laughed and said . “Don’t rush, I have plenty of time today . I can answer one question from every reporter . Please ask questions in order . ” As predicted! The record of the major TV stations in Tokyo that night, with the help of Hu Feng, simply raised the ratings to an unimaginable limit . Some tempered Japanese people couldn’t wait to rush to where Meng Jingyu lived with beer bottles as weapons . Some people started to raise funds on the Internet, claiming to spend a lot of money looking for a black market killer to kill this ignorant Chinese man . More ordinary Japanese people were arguing on the Internet . No matter how expensive the tickets of the Tokyo Budokan would be tomorrow, they had to buy the tickets . For nothing else, they just wanted to see how Meng Jingyu, the Chinese man who could only boast but not fight, get beaten severely by the 12 Japanese martial arts masters . Chapter 48 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 48: Who’s My Opponent?</strong>  On the next day, even though the ticket price was more than 10 times higher than usual, tickets were sold out . Many smart businessmen even temporarily started scalping tickets to make profits . Those who hadn’t yet bought the tickets could only watch it on mobile phones, or could watch the live broadcast on TV . In mainland China, in accordance with the national hype of promoting Meng Jingyu, all HDTV channels, including CCTV1 to CCTV18, all simultaneously would broadcast the event at Tokyo Budokan to the audiences . The major website platforms in China had chosen to arrange the staff stationed in Japan to promote the activities of Meng Jingyu and his opponents in the Tokyo Budokan . As for the interactive live broadcast platforms, they also set up a special live broadcast room to provide the netizens with a super-definition live broadcast of the Tokyo Budokan . U . S . , U . K . , Germany, and France also sent out photography teams that broadcasted to their citizens . The President of the United States, Trump, also posted a tweet that those who missed the matchup between Chinese Kung Fu and Japanese martial arts might be fools! At 8:30 am . , Meng Jingyu and the 12 famous Japanese martial artists walked in to meet all the audiences under the flashes of photography . For the competition, the Japanese staff temporarily built a classic-style duel square platform with a length of about 30 feet (approximately 100 meters) in the center of the Tokyo Budokan . The platform was six meters high . The competitors needed to get to the stage using the stone steps . The commentators were 2 people, from both China and Japan, and they were 2 men and 2 women respectively . The 4 commentators gave full play of their outstanding eloquence and stimulated the audiences’ emotions . They also claimed that today’s competition would be a great event in the history of Eastern Asian martial arts world! It symbolized the harmony between China and Japan, and even if anyone between them lost, then it promoted the communication of folks and culture between the two countries . Hu Feng, in a white tight-fitting Kung Fu suit, smiled and began to salute 12 opponents one by one . Although he felt that the opponents were no match for him, but since respecting the opponents meant respecting himself, Hu Feng didn’t mind pretending to be modest before the duel . The duel began . Hu Feng skipped and leaped off, setting a foot on the corner of the central platform of the Budokan . The cool summer breeze blew over, Hu Feng’s silky smooth hair fluttered, and flaming fires seemed to be burning in his eyes . In an instant, not only hundreds of thousands of Japanese people watching the duel were stunned, but even the 4 commentators couldn’t help but rub their eyes! This is not a magic show Compared with the audiences in the Tokyo Budokan, the four commentators were undoubtedly much closer to the high platform . They clearly saw that there was nothing to step on between the central high platform and the ground! “Kung Fu? Chinese Kung Fu? My God, am I dreaming?” Someone in the international photography team that was authorized to work in the front row of the Budokan couldn’t help but exclaim . As for the netizens watching live broadcast on the Internet, they also flooded their screen crazily! At this moment, even the skeptical Chinese people had to admit that Meng Jingyu was really talented, no wonder the national government did their best to promote him! Unlike some traditional martial arts, he really lived up to his reputation . At the same moment when a large number of netizens in China believed in the existence of secret martial arts and recognized him as the master, Hu Feng, standing in the platform, immediately perceived countless notifications from the system, all of which were good news that a certain person contributed spiritual power to him and provided some fudge values . However, Hu Feng thought it wasn’t the time to view this news . Standing on the edge of the platform, he looked around the 12 Japanese martial arts elites, slightly opened his mouth, and said loudly . “Who is my opponent?” With number 1, Dashan Bida, who was called the ‘King of Karate’ by numerous karate practitioners in Japan, was about to get on the high platform for the start . Every day, he insisted on practicing 3,000 punches under waterfall . Although Dashan Bida also wanted to have a dashing entry, but he couldn’t leap off 6 meters in the air like Meng Jingyu, so he could only choose to walk the steps . But at this moment, the number 2, in the Japanese Kendo art, Kuniyi, the kendo master known as the ‘Contemporary Miyamoto Musashi’, reached out to stop Dashan Bida, looking up at Meng Jingyu . “I heard about the rules you stated before the duel!” “Any venue, Any number of opponents, and any weapons for the opponents . Is it still valid?” With a slight smile, Hu Feng nodded his head . “Of course!” “Great!” Kuniyi bowed seriously, and then looked up sharply like an eagle, as if to shock Meng Jingyu . “Well, for the first challenge, I intend to fight side by side with Dashan Bida against you . I wonder if you can accept it . ” Suddenly, the audience became quiet! After all, in the eyes of the Japanese people at the site of the Budokan, the elite of Japanese martial arts, Dashan Bida, also known as the king of karate, wasn’t weaker than Meng Jingyu! If Dashan Bida and Kuniyi fought side by side, didn’t it mean that they couldn’t defeat him alone? Fear before the duel? It was too unpleasant! At this moment, on the Internet in mainland China, more than 2 million people were watching the broadcast . Many even protested that the matchup was unfair, and they flooded the screen, which overwhelmed the broadcast platforms! Chapter 49 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 49: On His Way Home!</strong>  Some British and American journalists belonging to the photography team couldn’t help but scream and booed Kuniji, but he still remained indifferent . From the beginning to the end, he kept staring at the face of Meng Jingyu, and it seemed that he was waiting for his answer . After all, in the view of Kuniji, this was not a small duel in Japan, but a good time to show the Japanese martial arts in front of all countries in the world! As long as they could win, undoubtedly not only the Japanese government but the entire Japanese martial arts world would be proud, which was worthwhile damaging a little bit of his reputation . Considering the pros and cons, Kuniji decisively stood out . There was no dissatisfaction or angry look on the face of Meng Jingyu, and he nodded . Overjoyed, Kuniji immediately planned to go on stage with Dashan Bida . But at the next second, what Hu Feng said made the opponents furious! “I did’t mean that you two challenge me alone . I agreed to challenge 12 of you altogether . ” What Meng Jingyu said was not only inacceptable to theaudience in the Tokyo Budokan, but humiliating and overlooked the 12 Japanese martial arts elites strength . Kuniji endured the anger, glared at Meng Jingyu on the high platform, and said . “You’re the disciple of Kunlun, but you’re too proud of yourself . ” “Do you really think that none of us is match for you?” Looking at the other martial arts behind, they were also staring at Meng Jingyu furiously! However, Meng Jingyu seemed to turn a blind eye to them . Hu Feng faintly shook his head and solemnly said . “Well, you misunderstood!” “I am not singling you out . I mean everyone here, the so-called 12 Japanese martial arts elites...;” Speaking of this, Hu Feng deliberately said slowly . “Are rubbish!” Hu Feng knew well about the ‘train’ which he consumed 50,000 fudge values for, was capable of destroying the city single-handedly, the 12 martial artists in front of him were definitely no match for him! The gap between two sides was so great, so it shouldn’t be exaggerating to call them rubbish, right? He had to save face for them, so he didn’t call them parameciums . Standing with his hands crossed, Hu Feng said . “How dare you humiliate me?” 12 martial artists couldn’t bear the humiliation, they jumped on the steps at once, rushed over from all directions . Dashan Bida, who was known as the king of karate, twisted his waist and exerted his strength . He volleyed and kicked over Meng Jingyu, which showed apparently how angry the nearly 50-year-old Dashan Bida was! Kuniji had pulled out the sword and put an impeccable posture . The fierce wind was directly torn open by the blade, and his strong offensive momentum was amazing . The other 10 martial artists also came up with their own skills, including Sumo, Brazilian Judo, and Aikido...; In all directions, there were all enemies . For a duel with no dodging space, and ambushes on all sides, any other martial artists undoubtedly would lose . But they met Hu Feng, an immortal martial artist! Suddenly, Hu Feng moved . All the audiences at site and numerous netizens around the world witnessed 12 identical Meng Jingyu appearing, and every single Meng Jingyu quickly confronted one opponent . “How is it possible? Doppelganger?” “Is he a ninja? How can a Chinese be a ninja?” Along with the screams of the Japanese people on the scene, many figures had fallen with no resistance on the platform in less than a thousandth of a second . Cronk! As the sound of iron came, Kuniji lay on the ground, and his sword was knocked away . Except Meng Jingyu, who was in a white Kung Fu suit with no wrinkles on it, standing on the platform, no other opponents were standing . Hu Feng turned slightly and looked at the many commentators who had been stunned . “Now, can you announce the winner?” “Reassured, my control of the force is very precise . None of them are dead or injured . They just have muscle soreness . ” After a while, the four commentators announced the winner, and hurriedly called the medical personnel to enter the scene and quickly carried the 12 Japanese martial artists down . After the preliminary inspection, these commentators were even more shocked to discover that the 12 martial artists were so tired, they fainted out! Watching the opponents being carried down, Hu Feng, standing on the high platform, began to sing a song towards the camera . “How lonely to be invincible, how bored to be invincible...;” The Tokyo Budokan was silent, and the netizens were shocked! In the Central South China Sea where Chinese high-level officials were located . A large number of think tanks slowed down the video of the matchup with machines and repeatedly tried to verify what happened . After a few hours, a report was finally brought to the President of the State by the Secretary-General . Reading this report, though the chairman was knowledgeable and calm, he now couldn’t help but take off the glasses, as he was stunned . “These...;turned out to be afterimages?” The Secretary-General hastily affirmed . “The researchers of the Chinese Academy of Sciences also believed that they’re afterimages . ” “It seemed that Meng Jingyu moved at a super-high speed and attacked 12 different opponents . The opponents were completely frustrated, so they could only helplessly defend...;” “But facing his stormy offense, defense only lead to a chronic death...;” “Fortunately, Meng Jingyu made concessions, otherwise they won’t just have muscle soreness and strain . ” Office of the President, the White House, the United States . Looking at the video on the screen that happened in the Tokyo Budokan in Japan, President Trump couldn’t help but repeatedly say the same sentence . — Chinese Kung Fu? Chinese Kung Fu! Chinese Kung Fu?! It took a while to get out of his trance . President Trump began to ask his white consultant Ye Wanghui . “Bring the document of this Chinese named Meng Jingyu to me immediately . ” After a very short time, Ye Wanghui returned and looked slightly awkward . “Mr . President, there is no such file in the FBI . Though our spy agents of CIA in China have uploaded the data, it is basically the information that the Chinese media promoted...;” “We also considered he is like a Qigong swindler in the 80s at the beginning, so we didn’t pay attention to...;” Nodding his head thoughtfully, President Trump couldn’t help but say . “If I want to know all his whereabouts with the fastest time, what should I do?” “You need to order the FBI, the CIA agents stationed in China, or the spy diplomats, to start investigating and collecting data...;” “If he is a key figure secretly protected by the Chinese government, and his information was hidden, you need to contact the military to communicate with the Secretary of State and grant a large sum of money to set up a special investigation team for Meng Jingyu...;” President Trump started pondering . This is awkward! It involves the military and the Secretary of State . It’s really tough to take money from them . If it isn’t urgent, or unrelated to the interests of the capitalists, it shouldn’t be a matter to wait a few weeks . Thanks to his deeds in the Tokyo Budokan, his following schedule became smoother and faster . He originally planned to travel around the world for one and a half month, and it took only two-thirds of the time to come to an end . None of the opponents who challenged Meng Jingyu during the period could stay on the stage longer than a single round! Finally, in the Russian capital, Meng Jingyu once again defeated the undifferentiated combat heavyweight opponent – the Fido Emilenko, also known as the ‘Fighting Court Tsar’ with ease . After successfully winning the match against the famous powerhouses all over the world with a record of 100 straight wins in a row, Hu Feng announced that his journey had officially come to an end, and the achievement of the top martial artist in the world had been successfully completed! Re-boarding on the luxury cruise ship, with more than 200 members of the film crew, and a Chinese warship escorted for a long time, he finally embarked on his way home . Chapter 50 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 50: American Spies in Action!</strong>  Although it took almost a month, under the strong insistence of President Trump, he finally got enough funds and other resources to set up a temporary agency dedicated to investigating and researching Chinese Kunlun Secret Martial Artist Meng Jingyu and authorized the FBI and CIA to collect all information of Meng Jingyu at all costs . According to the original words, President Trump said . “I don’t believe that Meng Jingyu came out from the stone! No matter how much resources we need and how many agents are killed, I want all data related to Meng Jingyu to appear in my office, even the statistics about every time he wetted his bed!” Although he was mad, you could hear Mr . President’s perseverance . The agents who acted as diplomats in the American embassy in China had begun to act . On the international black market, the personal information of Meng Jingyu costed up to 300 million US dollars, and there were 20 unregistered American visas! In mainland China, many high-level spies who belonged to the CIA, were born in the Chinese area and influenced by the American elite culture, all had Chinese faces . They often had different identities . Some were government officials, some were military officers, and some were well-known entrepreneurs...; But all of them insisted that they were American citizens and would always serve for the interest of the United States . On this day, through various hidden contact channels, they received the new mission from the CIA, and that was, collect information of Meng Jingyu at all costs! At this moment, the American spies were in action! As the first thing after returning to China, Hu Feng went to Director Guo and stated that he was ready to fulfill the promise of handing over the Dragon Elephant Wave and guiding 32 people personally, which made Director Guo smile happily . Considering how important this matter was, Director Guo immediately reported the news to his superiors . After a very short period of time, Meng Jingyu was invited to the General Staff of the People’s Liberation Army . There were a number of stenographers, recording machines, and video equipment to ensure his hand-overs . Looking around, Hu Feng wasn’t shy, but consumed 10,000 fudge values with the system . The principle of cultivation of Dragon Elephant Wave requires practitioners to continuously remove food impurities by ingesting a large amount of high-nutrient foods and various postures to enhance the metabolism . It preserved the essence and gradually changed the body, to gradually improve various physical qualities . Slightly extending the right hand and turning it up, a thought flashed through his mind, the book containing the codes, patterns, and the meditation posture of 30,000-layered Dragon Elephant Wave had appeared . “Take it, this is the 30,000-layered Dragon Elephant Wave . ” Looking at the big book in his hand, everyone was almost stunned . They originally thought that Meng Jingyu wanted to dictate, so all the preparations for this were done in vain . And how long should it take to train 30,000 layers? “Give you 24 hours . ” “Tomorrow, I will teach you how to train the basics of Dragon the Elephant Wave . ” After that, Meng Jingyu immediately left . Many days ago, the 30 people to be instructed had already been filled . The only thing that needed to be decided now was the two places promised by Meng Jingyu privately . Around 4 p . m . , inside the national special bureau, all the special agents in Beijing stood still . Senior officials such as Director Guo finally came out of the conference room and stepped onto the stage to prepare for public announcement of the two candidates who would be able to accept the guidance of Meng Jingyu . Director Guo looked at the hundreds of subordinates who were waiting under . “Thanks to Master Meng, we have the privilege of sending 2 lucky people to receive guidance from Master Meng to learn the mysterious Kunlun secret martial arts Dragon Elephant Wave tomorrow . ” “This is very important . I have discussed with the deputy directors and supervisors at various levels for a long time . I finally finalized the two candidates . I will ask the deputy director to announce it to everyone . ” Director Guo looked at the people around him, and the deputy director immediately took over the microphone . At the moment, all of the agents stared at the deputy director, and they fully expected their names to be called . Everyone was anxious, as if waiting for the release of the results of college applications . Taking a deep breath, the deputy director said solemnly . “Qin Wenhui!” “Here!” In view of his deeds, Qin Wenhui was no longer a small section chief in Guangzhou, He had already been promoted to the headquarters of the national special bureau . At the moment hearing his name being called, thinking that he would be able to cultivate the Kunlun secret martial arts, Qin Wenhui suddenly blushed and jumped up excitedly . Those around him were envious . But after all, Qin Wenhui had made many achievements, including leading the team to discover the Feng Shui pattern where Meng Jingyu was unearthed, and delivering an amazing speech in the meeting on the policy to deal with Meng Jingyu . The agents could accept that Qin Wenhui was chosen . The deputy director began to call the second lucky one . “Guo Zhaojian!” Suddenly, all the agents were simply stunned . Was there such a guy in the headquarters of the national special bureau? Why don’t I know him? “Here!” When everyone was shocked, a loud response suddenly sounded on the stage, which led people to look at him . With a glance, everyone couldn’t help but get stunned! Because the guy who responded was actually Director Guo . What’s the situation? People looked at Director Guo doubtfully, and they were speechless . Cough “As you can see, this person who will accept the personal guidance of Master Meng and cultivate the Kunlun secret martial arts Dragon Elephant Wave...;will be me . ” “When I am absent, the deputy director will temporarily replace my job . ” “Please rest assured, my colleagues, as the top leader of the national special bureau, I have to take the initiative to take this responsibility!” Director Guo stood up in a grandiose manner . “In order to prevent someone from getting killed when practicing, I am willing to try the Dragon Elephant Wave . You don’t have to say thank you to me . This is what I should do . ” “...;” Now, the agents under the podium understood . The temptation to personally accept the guidance of Meng Jingyu and cultivate Kunlun secret martial arts Dragon Elephant Wave was too great, so that Director Guo couldn’t help but occupy a quota . Nonetheless, he even pretended to be so noble and selfless . Shameless! As the head of the national special bureau, he should have had chances to try Dragon Elephant Wave in the future! Do you want it so bad? Even if Meng Jingyu will personally guide you, do you have to be so over eager? Faced with this situation, many agents couldn’t help but think of a sentence – Shameless people are invincible! They really had nothing to comment on Director Guo . Chapter 51 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 51: Guiding 32 Students</strong>  On the next day, inside a secret base in Beijing, Director Guo, Qin Wenhui and 30 other people had all arrived . Everyone held a copy of the book about Dragon Elephant Wave, which Meng Jingyu provided . “I believe that everyone came here to get a quick introduction of the Dragon Elephant Wave . I don’t care who you used to be, you’re now apprentices to me!” “Whoever doesn’t want to obey my orders can leave now . ” In order to facilitate his own control, he glanced at the audience . Hu Feng was ready to find a few people and showed them who their boss was, but unfortunately, none of these students from different walks of life wanted to stand up and cooperate with him . What’s more, Meng Jingyu just challenged the martial artists of the world recently . Almost everyone knew how great he was, so how could anyone want to pick on him? Since no one stood out, Hu Feng began teaching . One by one, Hu Feng began to teach them the standard posture, how to control the breathing rhythm and meditate deeply . According to Meng Jingyu, meditating and removing all the distractions from the mind was the first step in practicing the Dragon Elephant Wave . After getting rid of the distracting thoughts, practicing the Dragon Elephant Wave would be much easier . “Upright waist! Calm down, clear all the distractions, and keep your mind empty . ” “Keep the first 9 breaths steady as usual, but the 10th must be deep and long . Inhale and exhale strongly!” Hu Feng walked back and forth between the 32 people . His voice was solemn and loud, that everyone felt their eardrums hurt . In fact, Hu Feng also felt that if he was equipped with a grass-green military uniform and a whip, he would be more than enough to serve as a military training instructor in colleges . Time passed by . However, Hu Feng soon discovered that even such a simple breathing and meditation method had already exhausted all the students because there was no one able to really get rid of all the distracting thoughts and enter the empty realm, even if it had been for more than an hour . Someone couldn’t stop thinking when meditating, someone even tried to force himself to count in order to get rid of the distracting thoughts, but that was still in vain . “Teacher Meng, can we change the method to practice? We aren’t lazy, but there’s really no way to get rid of the thoughts!” “Yes, Teacher Meng! It has been a whole morning, and we still can’t discard the distracting thoughts...; It’s too hard!” “Actually, If I think about it...; The experience of modern people is too rich, and it is impossible to completely calm down . ” So many students complained together, so Hu Feng didn’t turn a deaf ear . “Well, then, in the light of everyone’s unanimous request, then we will skip this meditation, and directly enter the cultivation steps of ingesting high-nutrition foods to accelerate metabolism . ” Hearing, the 32 students were all happy . After all, who couldn’t eat? The staff inside the base took all the students to the cafeteria . Hu Feng began to remind the chef . “Give each of them 10 pounds of rice, then food with high-protein, high-calorie, high-fiber, high-fat...;” All the students were stunned . Is he feeding pigs? However, these students had no time to complain! Hu Feng directed them to take out their own book, flipped through the pages while eating food, and made strange postures in accordance with the colorful postures on the book . “Don’t underestimate these postures, they can help you speed up your metabolism and quickly digest the food you eat...;” “Don’t worry, time is very abundant . You eat and practice slowly . ” Looking at the poses of the students, Hu Feng held back the laughter and enjoyed it . In fact, Hu Feng also knew that these students directly drank the nutrient solution prepared by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, or ate the high-nutrition energy bar stored in the army, which could also achieve the principle of ingesting food . But Hu Feng still wanted to make fun of them . In the evening, Hu Feng finally stopped . “I just received the news that the Chinese Academy of Sciences has already configured the nutrient solution, as well as the military’s high-nutrition energy bars . You will take these in this secret base from now on . ” All of them, lying down on the ground and unable to talk, could only move their eyes to express their anger and sadness . A month passed . Under the guidance of Hu Feng’s ‘careful and serious’ drills, some among the 32 students had successfully entered the realm of the Dragon Elephant Wave . For their own progress, the students were also excited to discuss the glorious future . “Ha! My high myopia is actually cured! I only got to the 3rd layer of the Dragon Elephant Wave! Amazing, really amazing!” “I’ve been working hard for half a month . Now I’m already working on the 7th layer . The strength of my arms is about 35 kilograms stronger than before!” “In accordance with the introduction, when practicing to the 100-layered realm, you can master the power of one dragon, that is, the horrible bite force of a crocodile...; I reached the 4th layer in 15 days, won’t it take only 375 days for 100 layers?” “The power of one dragon? I value the power of one elephant in the 1000th layer! The full-speed running impact of a mammoth is way better than the bite force of a crocodile!” “You’re really short-sighted! If we can reach the 30,000th layer, we can always stay young like Teacher Meng! This is the greatest value of the Dragon Elephant Wave!” Ignoring the conversations of these students, after Hu Feng made sure that all the trainees had reached the lowest layer, he left a note at where he lived, brought the lovers lamp, and left . On the next day, when 32 students couldn’t find Meng Jingyu, they came to his residence . They found out that he had left . “My wish is fulfilled, and there are no more distractions...; I miss my partner, so I leave without saying goodbye...; In the future, I hope I can see you again . ” The guards of the secret base checked monitors and found that Meng Jingyu had left by walking on air easily and calmly . Even if they mobilized the satellites, it was difficult to find out exactly where Meng Jingyu went after leaving the base . There was nothing they could do, so even if the state was unwilling, they could only passively accept the fact, since there was no clue . Chapter 52 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 52: Codename: Dragon Slayer! Li Wei!</strong>  Though Meng Jingyu had already left to look for his lover, his influence still kept popping up when he traveled, challenged martial artists and fighters all over the world, and handed over the Kunlun secret martial arts to the country . In fact, before Hu Feng’s departure, the intelligence department from the United States had already begun to act secretly . Many years ago, senior spies in China received a message from the CIA . The senior spy with the codename Dragon Slayer was in action! Half a month before Meng Jingyu left, in the administrative building of the National Special Bureau in Beijing, Li Wei was a top agent . In the eyes of ordinary colleagues, Li Wei was recently promoted from the front line of the National Security Bureau to the headquarters of National Special Bureau due to many achievements . He became a manager that trained agents . He was extremely savvy, capable and humorous . In the eyes of the superiors, Li Wei never drank alcohol or smoked, and had a healthy life without any bad hobbies . He could complete every mission to the best . He even arrested two-digit international spies, which showed how loyal he was . But in Li Wei’s mind, he always remembered his identity as a secret citizen of the United States, as well as his codename in the CIA SSS-level archives – Dragon Slayer! Yes, in the eyes of the top officials of the White House, the rise of China had been unstoppable, and an evil red dragon was taking off . In 1991, the United States could collude with their men inside successfully to peacefully finish off a more wicked red bear, Soviet Union . In the future, they could naturally be capable of killing an evil red dragon . With the hope of the United States, the Chinese-born Michelle Rennes Lavone Lee, with the fake name Li Wei and the codename Dragon Slayer, was adopted by old spy from Nanyang of the China National Security Bureau . With his achievements, he gradually entered the Chinese mainland from Nanyang, and kept climbing up at a steady pace . For the benefit of the United States, even if he had to fight in the heart of the enemy country for decades, Li Wei had no regrets . Originally, Li Wei’s life goal was stipulated by the CIA . He would quietly enter the core high-level, get slowly promoted in the National Security Bureau, and leak various secrets to the United States . However, recently the CIA ordered him to get the information of Meng Jingyu as much as possible at all costs . At first, Li Wei, who worked in the front line of the National Security Bureau, couldn’t get anything though he tried his best to inquire in many ways . Recently, he was transferred to the headquarters of the National Special Bureau, so what Li Wei couldn’t expect happened! Not only Meng Jingyu was related to the National Special Bureau, but also two lucky people who were taking paid vacations, were now practicing the secret martial arts that Meng Jingyu handed over to the country! After quickly inquiring about the facts from CIA, the United States immediately sent an order to Li Wei . The Dragon Slayer starts to take action, and must take the Kunlun Secret Martial Arts handed over by Meng Jingyu, and pass it to the United States . Other agents will cooperate with you in the near future...; A few days passed . Knowing many people in the National Special Bureau, Li Wei not only figured out the identities of the two lucky people through inquiring – Director Guo and Qin Wenhui, but also learned about their home addresses with his identity of the supervisor . Director Guo had a higher official position and a larger number of family members . He lived in a military compound with guards, so it wasn’t easy to get in . In contrast, Qin Wenhui, who lived alone in an apartment for a long time, had undoubtedly become the perfect target for Li Wei! Soon after, 3 experienced agents from foreign countries who specially cooperated with him also arrived safely in Beijing, China . With the help of the underground black market, the equipment required by Li Wei was all set . However, Li Wei had been hesitant about the specific time of the operation because he didn’t know the exact time Qin Wenhui would be in his apartment . What if Qin Wenhui finds his apartment broken into and reports the police or the National Special Bureau? If I arrest Qin Wenhui, can I get the Kunlun secret martial arts? These key issues were assured, so Li Wei naturally didn’t dare to act carelessly since he only had one chance . Waiting for almost half a month, Li Wei came to work as usual, but unexpectedly found that Qing Wenhui was actually in the National Special Bureau! “What happened? Is the time to practice Kunlun Secret Martial Arts so short? Is it over?” “Or Kunlun secret martial arts are too difficult to understand, so Qin Wenhui wasn’t suitable for cultivation and got eliminated?” Having lots of thoughts in his mind, Li Wei didn’t take action . During the lunch break in the cafeteria, Li Wei dined with colleagues interested in Kunlun, including Qin Wenhui, and asked . “Chief Qin, don’t you participate in the practice of the Kunlun secret martial arts? Is it over?” In view of the fact that he was familiar with all the coworkers around, Qin Wenhui, who wasn’t precautious, took a sip of the rib soup and answered casually . “Don’t mention it! The superior gave us a book that recorded the complete set of Kunlun secret martial arts, and then Meng Jingyu became our teacher . ” “Everything was all right, but Meng Jingyu suddenly left without saying goodbye...; Without the teacher, we were naturally dissolved!” But soon, Qin Wenhui also noticed it . “I signed a confidentiality agreement! Don’t leak it!” Hearing this, Li Wei was excited, and he hurriedly covered his expressions by swallowing food . “Wow, this pork cutlet tastes really good!” A book that recorded the complete set of Kunlun secret martial arts? Meng Jingyu has left? Eating food, Li Wei was pondering deep in his mind . Usually after 11 p . m . , the staff of the National Special Bureau all left for home . If invading Qin Wenhui’s apartment at that moment, I can get this book and kill him . Then, the Americans can easily get this full set of Kunlun secret martial arts? I can’t be exposed, so I should order the 3 experienced agents to do it . Taking advantage of the time he went to the toilet, Li Wei sent out the timing, location, target, and escape route . The 3 agents who pretended to be tourists at the Great Wall were also excited after receiving the information . “The boss is on the phone . ” “Brothers, it’s time to work!” Chapter 53 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 53: The Batter-Body Trick!</strong>  Late at night, after invading the apartment of Qin Wenhui and covering the security door, the 3 American agents began to search madly . But unfortunately, after searching every room and floor, they couldn’t find the book that recorded the complete Kunlun secret martial arts . “Damn? Does this Chinese kid keep the book on his body? Or did he hide it in other places?” “Possible! After he comes back, don’t kill him, we should find the book first . ” Since living alone for a long time, he was a special agent in the past, every time Qin Wenhui left the house, he would gently tie a short thread that could barely be detected by the naked eye on the security door . Although too cautious and suspicious, Qin Wenhui felt that only this could make him rest assured . Taking out the key as usual to open the security door, suddenly Qin Wenhui was stunned . The short thread wrapped was missing! He knew clearly that even if the wind was too strong in the hallway, this thread couldn’t disappear . Unless someone had invaded his house, there was no other reason! Thief and burglary? Still staying in my house? Quietly leaving the hallway, Qin Wenhui immediately called 911 to report that he had suffered burglary . Hanging up the phone, Qin Wenhui was ready to inform the security guards . But walking a few steps, he suddenly felt that he was now much stronger since practicing the martial arts, so he shouldn’t be weaker than the burglars! No need to be so scared! On the first floor, he took a wooden mop from others and pretended to open the door without knowing it . “Little thief, where are you going?” Opening the door, three black pistols with silencers showed up in front of him . “...;” Holding the wooden mop, Qin Wenhui was stunned as he was just about to show his talents . As a special agent for many years, Qin Wenhui could tell the real guns from the fake ones, so he knew that the firearms of these 3 foreigners were 100% the SIG series of pistols! “Are you Qin Wenhui?” One guy took his mop, whispered in blunt Mandarin, and closed the door . “What do you want?” “Don’t move, otherwise we can’t guarantee that we won’t shoot you . ” 2 foreign agents had their guns attached to his head, and the other one began to undress him and search quickly . Soon, Qin Wenhui only wore a pair of shorts, and everything on his body was taken out and placed on the coffee table in the living room, including his wallet, mobile phone, key, ID card, bank card, banknote, pen...; . But there wasn’t any book . Picking up the ID card from the coffee table, one foreign agent repeatedly compared it with Qin Wenhui’s face and then nodded to his companion . The other 2 knew confirmed that they had caught the right target . “Where is the book that records the complete Kunlun secret martial arts method? Hand it over, or you will die . ” Qin Wenhui now understood everything, then scornfully looked at the three, and sneered . “It turns out that you are here for this! Kill me! I am not a fool!” Seeing that Qin Wenhui didn’t cooperate, he wasn’t annoyed, but took out a white cloth and over Qin’s face . Before it came close, Qin Wenhui had smelled a pungent smell . Ether? Qin Wenhui, who pointed at the head without resistance, immediately fell into a coma . Three foreign agents held Qin Wenhui and drove away quickly . After 15 minutes, when the police arrived at the scene, they saw Qin Wenhui’s messy apartment, and there was nobody . “Informant? Where is the owner of the apartment?” “Was the burglar discovered by the owner, so he violently killed the owner?” With anxiety and embarrassment, the police reported their guesses and the situation . If this happened in the apartment of an ordinary person, it might take 24 hours to file the investigation . However, after Qin Wenhui, who was involved in the Kunlun secret martial arts, was reported that he had disappeared less than an hour, it immediately alerted the organization, and the special team was set up . They commanded . “Must find him, no matter dead or alive!” To this end, the entire Beijing also declared martial law from this moment . At night, a large number of police officers guarded various intersections and rigorously searched for people looking like Qin Wenhui . In Qin Wenhui’s apartment, the team also began to analyze the case . “There is no trace of fighting . We can infer that the informant probably didn’t have a fight with the suspects? Or, the informant was controlled by the suspect and couldn’t struggle?” “Although all the rooms are messy, but there are no traces of fingerprints, footprints, blood, etc . of others, so that the suspect must be a veteran . ” When they had no ideas, the police in charge of asking other residents in the apartment suddenly had amazing discoveries! “Report! The little girl in the room 304 has witnessed that 3 strange uncles in black suits with big noses have gone upstairs and stayed there for a long time...;” Upon hearing this news, everyone became excited . By asking the professionals to outline and summarizing the clues provided by the little girl, the sketches of the suspects of the 3 foreigners were also completed . The mysterious disappearance of the informant Qin Wenhui? Did it involve foreigners? Considering Qin Wenhui’s special membership, the team couldn’t help but naturally guess . Are they international spies? With the assumption of the team, the searches in Beijing tonight became greater! Foreign embassies, abandoned unfinished buildings, and unmanned air-raid shelter...; A large number of staffs of National Special Bureau and National Security Bureau in Beijing were also temporarily notified that they had to be responsible for a small area to search tonight . As the new manager who was responsible for training agents, Li Wei was also unable to escape this responsibility, so that he had to patrol from K1 to K3 area of Fengtai District . Although he personally ordered his 3 coworkers to go to Qin Wenhui’s place tonight, he had great psychological condition, and now this mission was just a piece of cake, so he still kept calm . But seeing a car not far away, Li Wei was shocked! Nothing else, this car turned out to be the vehicle of his three coworkers, and he couldn’t forget the license plate number . Hell, what are the three idiots doing? If you succeeded, you should immediately flee according to the planned route . If not, you can makeup and hide in the embassy . Why come out on the road? Li Wei decisively contacted the other side . When approaching, Li Wei saw Qin Wenhui with bruises on his face, who sat in the back, as well as his three agents . Pointing at Qin Wenhui, Li Wei said angrily . “Why don’t you kill him? Do you want me to teach you how to kill him?” “We have searched his residence, but we couldn’t find a book that records the secrets of Kunlun . ” “And we’ve tortured him for a long time, but he never tells where the book is . Can we kill him without getting anything?” The agent in the main driver’s seat smiled . “Now that the Chinese government has been searching strictly, our planned route is completely blocked, and we can’t stay in the embassy now . We can only desperately drive to the suburbs to look for a remote place to hide . ” Li Wei frowned . “Can he hear us talking?” “Dragon Slayer, you can rest assured . ” The agent next to him turned and slapped Qin Wenhui’s face, but the latter still had no reaction, just like a dead body . “We first knocked him out with ether . After torturing and getting no results, we gave him a high-concentration anesthetic, so he won’t wake up within 8 hours . ” “What are your plans for now?” Li Wei relaxed slightly . Looking at each other, the 3 agents had no choice but said . “If you can, we hope that you help us find a safe place and hide us . Beijing is too dangerous . ” Three idiots, why do you still want to involve me? One hundred ordinary agents like you are still worse than me . I must find a way to get rid of these guys, and the remote bombs on my body may come in handy! Right! I have to find a way to fool them to hand over Qin Wenhui, and along the way cause a gunshot wound on me . The double credit of the batter-body trick and the rescue of the hostage will enable me to be promoted! Li Wei was sneering in his mind, but his expression on his face was still solemn, as if he was thinking wholeheartedly for the other side . “I am not safe here . I have lived in military place arranged by the National Special Bureau for a long time . If you three foreigners go in, aren’t you turning yourselves in?” “What should we do?” The three agents were a little anxious . The search in Beijing made them fear and worry that they couldn’t retreat . Li Wei thought for a moment, then he said . “Hand over Qin Wenhui to me, and then shoot my arm . I will tell the organization that I found your trace, though I couldn’t stop you, I accidentally saved the hostage . ” Not waiting for the three agents to answer, Li Wei took a small bomb out and handed it to the other party . “This is the time bomb that I have already scheduled, as long as the countdown starts, it will explode after 20 minutes . ” “Drive to the gas station 5 kilometers west of the city, and then escape to the remote area to hide . Remember to detonate the bomb there since you must destroy this vehicle...;” “I will give Chinese officials fake information so that they can’t find you...; Also, immediately contact the Intelligence Bureau to arrange a formal passport status from the US Embassy . You can be completely safe within up to 24 hours . ” “You should know the supreme authority of mine . If I ask, the intelligence service will definitely help me . ” The three agents were speechless, and the scene was silent . Although the plan proposed by Li Wei was very urgent and had many loopholes, the 3 special agents had no choice now . “Well, I give the hostage to you . Should I shoot your left hand or right hand?” Putting the ‘small time bomb’ into the pocket, the three agents placed Qin Wenhui on the ground and turned to look at him . “Shoot my left hand, but not now . Get on the car and shoot me when you’re dozens of meters away from me . Try to make everything real . ” Soon . Boom! A bullet hit Li Wei’s left hand accurately, causing him to fall to the ground . Resisting the severe pain, Li Wei saw the three agents leave, and immediately notified the National Special Bureau . “I am the person in charge of from the K1 to K3 area and found the targets!” “I killed all the targets with a grenade and succeeded in saving the hostage Qin Wenhui, but I was also shot...;” “Copy that! The medical staff will speed up to support...;” Before the car of the three agents left far, Li Wei hung up the phone and pressed the button on the remote bomb controller . Bang! With a loud bang, the thick smoke and flames last for a long time . Needless to say, the three agents and the car had been blown into ashes, and even the brilliant doctors couldn’t see anything . “Sorry, I forgot to tell you . ” Li Wei destroyed the controller and threw it into the sewer . He took a long breath . “It is not only a time bomb, but also a remote-controlled bomb . ” “If you get caught alive during the escape, who can guarantee that you won’t sell me out?” “Don’t blame me, since I only believe in one thing . ” “Only the dead can keep a secret . ” Chapter 54 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 54: A Great News</strong>  Then, Li Wei used up all his ammunition and tore off his clothes to bandage his arm . Now Li Wei’s left arm was bloodstained, like a very hero who tried his best to rescue the hostage! Pretending to lie on the ground and exhausted, Li Wei began to make final preparations – in his mind, he was thinking about how he killed three foreign agents and successfully rescued the hostage, in case the organization asked him . The ambulance, the police, and the personnel of the National Special Bureau came one after another . Seeing burnt car, the ashes of the foreign agents, and Li Wei, who was shot and had successfully rescued the hostage, people became impressed by him . Along with the compliments and praises, Li Wei’s actions were successfully recognized . He was sent to the intensive care unit together with Qin Wenhui, who was still in a coma . However, this didn’t mean that it was over . When Qin Wenhui, who recovered consciousness, woke up, the first sentence he spoke caught the attentions of several high-level officials in the ward . “It’s weird! These three foreign agents took the initiative to ask me to hand over the book that recorded the complete Kunlun secret martial arts . It’s impossible for outsiders to know the existence of the book of the Dragon Elephant Wave!” “Those who know that I am practicing the martial arts are either the staff of the secret base, or the members of the National Special Bureau . ” “If a staff member in the secret base is the spy, I should have been attacked on the first day I started the cultivation, and it would have been impossible to stay safe . ” Director Guo couldn’t help but frown . “What do you mean? Are there spies inside the National Special Bureau? They leaked information to outsiders, which led to the invasion tonight?” “I am not sure whether there is any traitor in our bureau . ” Qin Wenhui shook his head slightly . “I just think that isn’t it too much of a coincidence?” “Director Guo, we only left the secret base for less than one day, and foreign agents came to me . If it hadn’t been for that I called the police in advance, the consequences would be really unimaginable...;” Qin Wenhui’s face looked sorrowful . “Before you found me, I might have been drained of all the values, put in sack, and gotten thrown into the bottom of the river!” Director Guo remained silent, then he whispered with several other senior officials . After that, he decisively told Qin Wenhui . “We can’t forget what happened tonight . Take a rest, and I will report to the superior immediately . ” “As for traitors, I fully believe in the comrades of the bureau . But if there is such a traitor, I must not turn a blind eye to him . ” “Director Guo, what do you want to do?” Qin Wenhui asked with his eyes wide-open . “Very simple . ” “I have discussed with several other deputy directors . The traitor definitely had a good understanding of your work habits . We will consider the staff in the bureau first, and we have to test everyone who has inquired about you or contacted you in the past 3 months . ” Director Guo frowned and bit his teeth . “Inquired about me or contacted me? That is, to investigate all the friends around me?” Qin Wenhui was a little embarrassed since he had lots of weird friends, and it was a bit embarrassing to be investigated openly by the organization . Qin Wenhui suddenly thought of something, and then looked up to Director Guo . “By the way, Director Guo, should we test Li Wei? He just saved me from the 3 foreign agents tonight . Moreover, he was just transferred from the National Security Bureau, and he didn’t know me before, so he shouldn’t be the traitor . ” “Also, we got along well recently, and never had conflicts . He must be a good person . ” “No, I said it!” Director Guo didn’t buy it at all . “We can’t let go of anyone who you have been acquainted with in these 3 months . You don’t have to worry about it . ” Qin Wenhui shrugged with helplessness . He wanted to repay Li Wei and help defend Li Wei . But at present, it seemed that Director Guo would suspect everyone . With the internal investigation, Director Guo was shocked to discover that Li Wei had secretly entered the archives several times by the reason of sorting the files, and he stayed several hours there every time . Director Guo was very clear that he had never asked anyone to do that . There are secrets! Li Wei must have a secret! Even if he is not a traitor, he must have a big secret . Out of curiosity and with doubts, Director Guo took more efforts to investigate and analyze the traces of Li Wei, then a more shocking discovery came! Before Qin Wenhui was kidnapped by foreign agents, Qin Wenhui had a meal in the cafeteria . Li Wei seemed to have deliberately approached Qin Wenhui, calmly inquiring about Kunlun secret martial arts! Not only the video footage of the monitor could support this doubt, but also Qin Wenhui’s friends knew this . Li Wei supervisor was very likely to be involved in the case, who might be one of the main key figures behind the scenes . Catch a big fish! Director Guo excitedly muttered . But soon he found that he had no direct evidence . Touching his chin, Director Guo was immersed in meditation . “If Li Wei is really the man behind the scenes, he is absolutely eager to get the book that records the secret martial arts of Kunlun!” “Maybe I can lure him out with this bait!” “But I must wait a while to eliminate Li Wei’s own sense of vigilance . ” “I should keep it secret from Qin Wenhui . He now trusts Li Wei, and doesn’t know his real identity . His trust can relax Li Wei and let him feel that he isn’t exposed yet . ” After the treatment in the intensive care unit, Li Wei, who was injured in the left arm, could also leave the hospital . Returning to the National Special Bureau, Li Wei found that the National Special Bureau launched an intensive investigation during his absence . It seemed that the superiors believed that there was a traitor who leaked Qin Wenhui’s personal information . Otherwise, there should have been no foreign agents attacking immediately . The investigation had been conducted for a while . In addition to finding a few corrupt officers, the National Special Bureau hadn’t found out the spies, and gradually the wave of unrest passed . After that, Li Wei was somewhat worried about his identity . He secretly tested Qin Wenhui several times, but the latter always had a high degree of trust in him . His expression was real, even with the psychology that Li Wei learned in the United States, micro-expressions were also hard to escape Li Wei’s eyes . Time passed by, Li Wei gradually relaxed his mind . But after the high-level meeting held for discussion, a sudden and good news came to Li, which made him feel that everything went so smoothly! Chapter 55 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 55: Re-create the Mobile Game!</strong>  “Congratulations, Li Wei . ” “Given your consistent attitude, and the performance when the foreign agents invaded and kidnapped Qin Wenhui, you took the lead to fight boldly, even if you were shot...;the organization agrees that you are a good party member!” “To this end, your work will be transferred to others for the next 3 weeks . ” “2 days later, that is, next Monday, you and the other 3 comrades in the bureau will head to the secret base in Beijing to study the full set of Kunlun secret martial arts – Dragon Elephant Wave!” These were the original words of Director Guo, which were announced in public . When hearing the good news, Li Wei couldn’t believe his ears! He worked so hard before, but he still got nothing about the so-called Kunlun martial arts . Now only by killing his 3 coworkers and the batter-body trick, he successfully let the core executives think that he was loyal, but also got the chance to learn the martial arts! No, he even knew the complete name of the Kunlun secret martial arts . Dragon Elephant Wave! It was a ridiculous but a great fact! Without hesitation, after leaving the National Special Bureau, Li Wei quietly sent out the news, and then waited for a reply . Just one day later, the response from the CIA came . Try to capture the contents of the full set of the Dragon Elephant Wave with a miniature camera, and then transfer them to the other side of the ocean through encrypted satellite signals . Li Wei accepted the order with pleasure . Inside the secret base in Beijing, though there was no longer Meng Jingyu, the student Liu Meng, who had the fastest progress, had already reached the 19th layer, and now became a tutor to teach others under the authority of the state . Li Wei and other four people seemed to be his first class . Although he had no such ability like Meng Jingyu, Liu Meng still tried his best to explain all the steps of his own cultivation in detail . After working all day, at night, Li Wei took out the miniature camera from his personal belongings and started the operation in his single bedroom . In the faint light, Li Wei looked at the big book that recorded the Dragon Elephant Wave, he had a big smile on his face . This is another major victory for the United States! Star Spangled Banner! Long live the United States! Stupid Chinese, can’t you think of my true identity? Our father in heaven, may everyone honor your name as holy...; Praying, Li Wei smiled like a child very proud and happy . In the main control room, Director Guo and others looked at Li Wei on the monitor screen, and laughed . “I can’t imagine that Li Wei is actually a spy! But since he meets us, he’s so unlucky!” “Ha-ha, it seems that he still wants to send the information out? Unfortunately, he doesn’t know that the entire secret base is covered by EMP (electromagnetic pulses), so no signal can be transmitted!” “A prayer of excitement? I’ll send you to hell!” Everyone laughed more happily, and many were even more eager to discuss what they would say to mock this spy . Someone couldn’t help but look at Director Guo . “Director Guo, should we act now?” Waving his hand, Director Guo shook his head slightly . “Don’t worry, Li Wei, as a senior spy who kept lurking in foreign countries, will definitely choose to commit suicide when arrested . ” “As far as I know, such agents always readily prepare poisonous drugs in the gums, or in underwear, armpits, and a**s...;” “When Li Wei and other people take a bath tomorrow morning, he will be naked, then we can release the anesthetic gas from the ventilation duct of the bathroom and faint him . Check his gums, armpits, a**s, and make sure he won’t commit suicide . After that, we will start the interrogation . ” Next day, inside the bathroom . “I was discovered?” Li Wei had this last thought when he passed out in the bathroom . Opening his eyes with difficulty and looking around, Li Wei found that his hands and feet were tied up, the poisonous drugs hidden in his body were also confiscated, and he was in a strange interrogation room . “Li Wei? Or, the senior foreign spy lurking in the National Special Bureau?” Li Wei looked up and saw the smiley faces of Director Guo and others . Li Wei knew that he had no way to escape . As a senior spy, the only ending after exposing his identity was death . Of course, it didn’t rule out the chance that his value would be drained out, and he would stay in the prison for decades . When he became old, the two countries would exchange spies, hence he might have the opportunity to be buried in the American land . Even if the Dragon Slayer faces death, he must raise his head nobly and not yield to the evil red dragon . Keeping silent, Li Wei turned a deaf ear to everything . “Do you think that silence can make us helpless?” Director Guo stood up and got out with others . At the same time, a group of personnel in the National Security Bureau, who waited for a long time, walked in . To stimulate Li Wei deliberately, Director Guo walked very slowly and talked loudly . “Interrogation requires professionals to conduct . We at National Special Bureau are okay to handle supernatural events, but now, we need the National Security Bureau to open the mouth of the enemy . ” “Director Guo is too modest . If you didn’t lure him out, we couldn’t have guessed that this guy was actually a senior spy lurking for decades . ” “Mr . Li Wei, please enjoy the greetings of the iron fist of the communist dictatorship . ” When closing the door of the interrogation room, Director Guo and others said the last sentence very slowly in unison . “We, will never see again!” When the government was busy arresting and interrogating the foreign senior spy, also defending the precious book that recorded the Kunlun secret martial arts, Hu Feng, who had already given up the image of Meng Jingyu, didn’t waste his time . He was busy calculating his fudge values . “The total number of currently available fudge values is 3,890,317 . 63...;” Hu Feng quickly sorted out . “That is, nearly 3 . 9 million fudge values . ” “With so much fudge values, it may not be possible to create supernatural phenomena that permeate the entire 9 . 6 million square kilometers of land in China, but if the scope is reduced to one or half province, it should be more than enough . ” Looking away from the system panel, Hu Feng began to think about his new plan . In Hu Feng’s plan, he couldn’t limit the area in China, instead, the vast world would be his own playground . It is always the most interesting thing to modify the whole world! “Well, I have been working on 2 fudge projects in the motherland – the spiritual mobile game and the secret martial arts master coming out of the grave who kept looking for his lover . ” “As for the spiritual mobile game, I didn’t have enough fudge values at the time, so I couldn’t have a thorough plan . If I have time in the future, I must work on the plan again . Since there are black and white mages, it’s best to involve the underworld government, and enlarge the area to all of China . ” Hu Feng whispered . “The next new fudge project will be carried out in a foreign country . ” Opening the world map, Hu Feng looked over . Eventually, he eyes stopped at an island country that was closer to China and also belonged to the East Asian cultural circle . Japan! Chapter 56 <strong>Chapter 56: Project in Japan!</strong>  To put it bluntly, Hu Feng was impressed with Japanese culture, including Bushido, onmyoji, Ninja, Tea, Warring States Period...;...; . Some small things that originally belonged to Japanese spread throughout the world . No matter in Europe, America or China, there were numerous fans of Japanese culture . On the contrary, China was weak in this respect . Hu Feng vaguely remembered that he admired the Japanese Warring States Period, and sometimes complained that China had nothing compared to it . When he became older, he knew that China had rich culture, but few publicized it, so he didn’t know about it . Now that he wanted fool the Japanese government and people, Hu Feng was deeply convinced that it was necessary to start with the two distinct well-known cultures in Japan . Bushido and Onmyojis! The traditional Bushido was all about the loyalty of the Emperor and the patriotism . Hu Feng didn’t like it, and he didn’t plan to help the emperor train his subordinates . He must modify it to something convenient for his own plan . The onmyojis started from the Heian era . Since all kinds of strange devils were rampant, in order to protect the safety of the Japanese capital, the people who specialized in learning metaphysics made a contract with the ghosts or conquered them . By the means, people who had their own fighting partner ‘Shikigami’ began to call themselves onmyojis, and dealt with the various spiritual things after the sun went down . Since in the Heian era, after five o’clock in the afternoon every day, devils began to rage on the streets, 5 p . m . was also called ‘time for devils’ by the onmyojis! Compared with Bushido, the colorful and imaginative onmyoji culture was undoubtedly spread more widely in the world . “Compared to Bushido, I should set the onmyoji plan first . ” Hu Feng quietly meditated . It took a while before he finally came up with a rough Japanese fudge plan . That was, rely on the modified onmyojis supplemented by the modified Bushido . He wanted to create collective adventures, which made Japanese people horrified to discover that they had become onmyojis with magical ability to perform different spells and commanded shikigamis . Then he would develop the onmyoji organization step by step, in order to let them make their existence public to the world . “Right! Since we have the onmyojis, how can there be no big bosses? I can’t let these guys have no targets!” Eager to fool the entire Japan and bring infinite shock and joy to all countries in the world with his plan, Hu Feng was so excited that he began talking to himself . “In the beginning, the onmyojis would be very weak . I can fool them that the gods of Takamagahara who left the world have left the prophecies . The unspeakable ancient evil was waking up, and the ancient seal under Heian City was collapsing...;...; You can repeat the name of the ancient evil because this will make it notice and wakes up earlier...;...;” “This can not only explain clearly why the gods of Takamagahara didn’t take actions, but also can hide the name of the big boss, which will let people think more about it . Moreover, it would become more mysterious and urgent . ” Hu Feng had an inspiration . “In the near future, Japan needs warriors who are willing to guard love and peace, to decisively stand up and fight with the ancient evil . This can also motivate them to understand their significance of being a onmyoji and grinding to become stronger – to protect the love and peace of Japan . ” Hu Feng was indifferent to the slogan of love and peace, but with his own experience in years of animation, comics and games, he was keen to judge that the Japanese people loved this style, so he simply wanted to satisfy them . “I can also create some ghosts and monsters in Japanese folklore, and let the onmyojis fight against them in the face of Japanese people . This is simply the real version of Japanese onmyoji movie!” “The reason why these Japanese people can get the inheritance of onmyojis is because the gods who have left the world left a foreshadowing, or I simply can say that their ancestors are nobility, anyway, don’t the protagonists in Japanese anime have a background to become powerful?” Hu Feng thought he should have went to drama school in the past . “No one will value those without background . ” Hu Feng seemed to think of something . “I can add the modified Bushido, the samurais and the onmyojis will guard Japan together . ” “In view of the excessive number of onmyojis, I only set up just one samurai . ” “He must have a secret . It is different from the foreshadowing or nobility . He is actually an ordinary person, but he is possessed by the soul of a famous figure from ancient Chinese myths and legends . Like the protagonist in the Japanese anime, he embarks on his way of a modified samurai . ” “Who should I set up the soul as?” Hu Feng began to ponder that who should be this role . First of all, it shouldn’t be too close to present . Secondly, the soul should know the great boss . We can let the people around the world understand [the mythological history of East Asia] . “Lu Dongbin in the Eight Immortals? No, no, it is too close to the present...;...; Zuoci Xianren in the Three Kingdoms? Not cool enough...;...;” Hu Feng thought about lots of names in his mind, but he was always dissatisfied . Hu Feng suddenly had an idea . He didn’t have to be so cranky, he could have a backward inference with the background and the characters he already set up! Chapter 57 <strong>Chapter 57: The Boss</strong>  Taking out the pen and paper, he started the inference . ” Since it would be the soul of a famous figure of Chinese legends, it meant that he should be a loser, otherwise he wouldn’t have been killed to become a soul!” This key condition was still not enough, so Hu Feng bit the pen and continued to think . “Secondly, since he left China, it implied that his enemy was too strong in China, so he must have left . ” Hu Feng wrote down the third condition . “He is far from the history of modern China . ” Before writing down the fourth, Hu Feng was shocked and stood up . Because he suddenly recalled one perfect match! Chiyou! The descendant of Emperor Yan, he was the God of War in ancient Chinese mythology . More than 5,000 years ago, Chiyou, the grandson of the former Emperor Yan, attacked the West . The new successor of the Emperor Yan was defeated and moved to meet the tribe of Emperor Huang . Emperor Huang joined the tribe of Emperor Yan, and he fought against Chiyou . Chiyou was defeated and died, and his tribe was dissolved and merged into the Emperor Huang’s . In view of the great ability of Chiyou, Emperor Huang worried that Chiyou might be resurrected again, so he buried his corpse in different areas . Chiyou met every condition that Hu Feng had set! “Chiyou should be the soul that possesses this Japanese teenager, and guides the latter to become a ‘modified samurai’ . ” “Maybe I can arrange the soul to be hidden in an antique . The Japanese teenager finds it and has an adventure, then the Japanese teenager will be convinced . ” Hu Feng had initially set up the plan of the Japanese onmyojis and the Bushido, so he naturally had to finalize the villain! “In Japanese myths and legends, the most powerful and notorious one is Orochimaru . ” Hu Feng whispered and frowned . He didn’t like the setting of Orochimaru because this villain had nothing to do with the onmyojis, samurai, and the soul of Chiyou . He then read the description of Orochimaru . – Eight heads and eight tails, bright red eyes, moss on the back, rain clouds over the head, the body looks like eight peaks...;...; “Big snake? Eight heads?” Hu Feng seemed to remember a similar introduction in the Shan Hai Jing . He started searching it quickly, and soon the drawing and text of a monster caught his attention . “Xiangliu, the ancient beast, the snake’s body with nine heads, eats numerous people . Wherever it goes, it brings flood . It likes to eat the soil . It can easily eat numerous peaks at a time...;...; The water it spat out is bitter and undrinkable...;...; Dayu decided to expel and kill it...;...; Its flesh is stinking and poisonous, not edible . ” Shan Hai Jing was really the ancient Chinese mythology recipes, in every three sentences, there would be an introduction of food, which made Hu Feng sigh . “This is it! I can set the true identity of the snake as Xiangliu, who escaped from ancient China and traveled to Japan . ” His words were full of joy and excitement . “The reason why Xiangliu had only 8 heads was because one head has been cut off by Dayu!” “Xiangliu, who fled to Japan to continue to make troubles, was sealed by the gods of Takamagahara deep in Mount Fuji . As time passed by, the gods of Takamagahara have already left, and the seal had gradually weakened, so Xiangliu was about to wake up and break through the seal . ” Hu Feng went on to have a rather ridiculous deduction . “Since Chiyou is the descendant of Emperor Yan, Xiangliu naturally knows some of his deeds . ” “So, in the final battle between the two, the plot must be played like this . ” “A large number of onmyojis had a low attacking effect, so Xiangliu didn’t care about it . He not only wanted to swallow the whole of Japan, but also wanted to control the tsunami and sink Tokyo . ” “When Japan was about to be destroyed, the Japanese young samurai who was possessed by the soul of Chiyou, stood out alone and stopped him . Then, because they knew each other, they had arguments and spread my fictional mythological history to the whole world . ” Hu Feng walked around the room happily . “The Japanese young samurai fought with all his efforts, but he still lost . ” “At the critical time, the soul burned its own strength, completely took over the body of the young warrior, and fought against Xiangliu with great techniques . In the end, it seriously damaged and drove away Xiangliu, but the soul fell asleep due to over consumption . ” “The twists and turns, the ups and downs of the plot, sure enough will make all the Japanese people...;...;no, the governments and people all over the world who witnesses this, nervous and anxious!” “And by that time, I, who played the role of the soul, can easily get out...;...;” “After all, the time when the soul recovers and wakes up, isn’t up to me . I have to arrange for the further future! Ha-ha-ha!” Thinking of this, Hu Feng couldn’t help but cheer for himself . It was a wonderful idea! But before going to Japan, since the summer vacation was about to end, Hu Feng communicated with the system and consumed 5 points of fudge value, creating a humanoid muddy body that was completely consistent with his blood, internal organs, appearance, personality, and eating habits, to replace him to go to school . It could handle his ordinary daily life very well . However, considering that there might be accidents such as fires, car accidents, earthquakes, etc . , Hu Feng wrote an alarm program on the core of the body . In the event of an accident, he would receive a message right away, and immediately switch his mind back to the core and control his body to handle these . With millions of fudge values, Hu Feng directly consumed thousands of fudge values to create a space door, so that he could instantly come to Tokyo, Japan after using stealth . The bright sun in the early September was hanging in the sky of Tokyo . Formerly called Edo, Japan’s most important city since the Tokugawa Shogun era, had 23 special districts, 26 cities, 5 towns, and 8 villages, and it was a mega city with a population of 40 million...;...; Looking down from the sky and watching numerous pedestrians between the high-rise buildings, Hu Feng couldn’t help but fall into confusion and contemplation . Which Japanese people should he choose to become the onmyojis? Chapter 58 <strong>Chapter 58: Onmyoji Organization</strong>  “What kind of Japanese people are suitable for an adventure and becoming onmyojis?” “Government civil servants? Shrine witches? Lawyers? Doctors? Teachers? University students? Gangsters?” To be honest, Hu Feng couldn’t immediately judge which people should become onmyojis and would be most suitable for his plan . But he understood a saying . The charcoal in the snow is far more memorable than the icing on the cake . In modern society, no matter in which country, one kind of people had the most vulnerable mentality! Patient! Because of illness, these people often cared more about the outside world than ordinary people . Their emotions were more sensitive and complicated, and they were more likely to believe in things naively . Especially those patients who were seriously ill and had faced the countdown to death, if they encountered a magical future in which they could get healthy and supernatural abilities, 99% of patients would be hard to resist this temptation . They would be convinced and be driven for it . “As a Chinese who knows little about Japanese traditional culture, even if I create a collective adventure for the Japanese people with the name of the gods of Takamagahara and enable many people to become onmyojis...;...; It certainly won’t be flawless, and ordinary Japanese people may still wonder if it’s really a gift from the gods of Takamagahara?” “But if they are patients, they will definitely believe whatever I say, as if grasping the life-saving straw . For these patients, I will take long treatments, not only showing hopes of recovery, but also convincing them that they can’t live without me . ” “When I develop the onmyoji organization which will be mainly composed of patients, even if other Japanese people doubt us, they will unscrupulously blindly criticize the Japanese people that they disrespect the gods and derogate God’s grace . ” “Of course, I can also infiltrate or jointly control the Japanese government after the organization grows up . For example, turn the head of the ruling party into a onmyoji?” Hu Feng began to imagine . “If the number of Japanese patients is still not enough, I can also accept those who have suffered great misfortunes and others who have been excluded or discriminated against by others, to turn them into trainees . ” “These people already know the cruelty and indifference of the society . Won’t they feel like as if they are reborn in the onmyoji organization? I will convince them that if they follow me and obey my orders, they will get rid of misfortune and live a bright future like a normal person, which can enable me to control them . ” Quietly meditating, he kept having ideas, then he had finally made a decision . As for the candidates for the onmyojis, I will give priority to those patients who are seriously ill, hospitalized, or have no money to live in hospitals! Then, it will be the disabled people who suffer various misfortunes! Thinking of this, Hu Feng suddenly felt weird . – As for the patients who are seriously ill, cannot afford to live in a hospital, and suffer from various misfortunes, the Japanese society turns them into ‘ghosts’ . But I, a selfish man who is only interested in controlling everything behind the scenes and earning more fudge values, turn these ghosts into ‘humans’ with the heritance of the onmyojis . He or Japanese society, which is worse? It was not the time to think about philosophy, but time for operation! Thinking of this, Hu Feng went to the nearest hospital . It was raining, and it was wet and cold . Inside the medical staff office, the second floor of the inpatient department, Okayama Hospital . “The condition of Sumika is already at the late stage of acute leukemia . Although she doesn’t have a fever, but if we continue the chemotherapy, we can’t guarantee that she will still be safe . According to our experience, Sumika may only have less than 3 months to live...;...;” The attending doctor held the medical record card and described the condition . The parents of Sumika heard the news and started weeping . “She is only 17 years old! She should have a glorious future! If our family was rich, and took her to a big hospital for medical examination every year, her condition would have long been discovered!” Especially her mother was already crying . The chemotherapy not only cost a lot of money, but also was a painful torture to Sumika . “My condolences...;...;” The doctor comforted them . However, no one knew that outside the office, an extremely thin girl who had already shaved her hair for chemotherapy, and it was, with a pale face, gently put her ear on the door to eavesdrop . After hearing the conversation between the doctor and her parents, she quietly returned to the single ward at the end of the corridor . Closing the ward door, Sumika indented in the bed, looked at the ceiling expressionlessly, and got immersed in the conversation she just heard . “According to our experience, Sumika may only have less than 3 months to live...;...;” 3 months left? Enough . From the drawer of the bedside table, she took out a pink automatic pen and a notebook with a cover for the piglet’s family of four . Sumika lay on the pillow and began to write down some thoughts . She started writing a farewell letter . For my grandparents in Akita, give them a copy of my transcript before I got hospitalized . For Mom and Dad, don’t have to give me chemotherapy anymore . In order to cure my disease, we have almost run of the savings . You are still young, and you can have another baby . Just put a bunch of white lilies in front of my grave in the coming year, I really like the faint fragrance...;...; In fact, I really wish that I can go to the amusement park with Mom and Dad on a sunny morning . I want to sit on the carousel, Mom sits behind me and hugs me, and Dad sits on my left hand side since I want to see you at any time . Then I want to find a kindhearted passerby who is willing to take a photo for our family . I want Dad to buy a lot of balloons . I want to release them into the sky one by one . I also want to buy corns to feed the pigeons...;...; She suddenly stopped writing down her wishes . The sight of Sumika was blurred at this moment, and she burst into tears . She remembered what the doctor reminded her parents when she was first hospitalized...;...; Due to the acute leukemia, she can’t leave the inpatient department because she can get sick anytime and anywhere . Once she has an accident at the amusement park, her thin body may not survive before sent to the hospital for emergency treatment . Her biggest wish was doomed to be impossible to fulfill . The sad feeling was haunted in her mind, and her tears kept dropping, quietly wetting the pillow . “Why am I crying?” “I still have 3 months, how can’t I still be unsatisfied?” “Ono Sumika, you are greedy . ” Wiping her eyes off, Sumika picked up her sunny doll she made with paper, and carefully hung it in front of the bed . Even if she was destined not to leave the hospital, Sumika still hoped that she could see the sunny day tomorrow morning . Chapter 59 <strong>Chapter 59: Endowing Notebook!</strong>  “It’s time to rest . ” Hanging the sunny doll, Sumika was exhausted . Since she was diagnosed with acute leukemia and hospitalized, she had vaguely felt that her physical strength became worse after the chemotherapy . Today, she went out of the ward to eavesdrop on her parents’ conversation, wrote down her wishes, and stood up to hang the sunny doll, so the amount of activity far exceeded her past physical strength limit . Lying on the bed, Sumika could barely open her eyes . Crack! With a loud noise, a notebook somehow fell on her head . Waking up with pain, Sumika couldn’t help but look at it . This was a blue and white notebook with the cover of a black lucky cat . Under the lucky cat, there were 2 large golden words . Sumika read the 2 words . “Endowing Notebook?” As she read, the space over notebook began twisting like water ripples . When Sumika gazed at the notebook in horror, the black lucky cat with its front paw stretched out walked and squatted on her pillow without hesitation . Hu Feng didn’t intend to appear in front of patients and the disabled with his real face, but he needed to find an image for himself since he couldn’t communicate with people as an invisible man . Since the Japanese loved the lucky cats, Hu Feng simply turned himself into a black lucky cat, symbolizing the magical power of destroying the unfortunate disasters, in order to eliminate the fear of supernatural things of the patients and the disabled . To convince them that he was the only spokesperson of the gods of Takamagahara . As for the endowing notebook, this was what Hu Feng meticulously prepared for the patients and the disabled to help them become onmyojis . As long as you wrote your own name on the first page of the endowing notebook, you would become a trainee onmyoji . On the follow-up book pages, all the data information of the trainee onmyojis would be recorded . Moreover, these trainee onmyojis will follow the procedures set by Hu Feng – challenge and solve the Japanese ghosts and mysteries respectively . With the notebook, the onmyojis could plunder the life and tame the ghosts to subsidize for themselves . If a patient got the endowing notebook, he must keep following Hu Feng’s arrangement, fighting against the devils in various parts of Japan and plundering time from them, to slow down the onset of one’s disease, or to spend tons of his own time to get a new life and a healthy body . Hu Feng also made the endowing notebooks serve as onmyoji shop . Onmyojis can consume the common currency in the shop – time, to buy their own onmyoji advanced materials, low-quality shikigamis (The high-quality shikigamis are the key that Hu Feng used to lure and control the onmyojis, so that it was not possible to buy them . ), onmyoji methods, onmyoji skills, onmyoji props, and the consumables to restore physical strength . Even if it was a disabled person that got an endowing notebook, the process would be similar . In fact, Hu Feng also specially set up many hidden magical abilities inside the endowing notebook . For example, those who held the notebooks could team up with each other, exchange information, chat, and trade . However, since no one had become an onmyoji, it was currently closed . In short, the endowing notebook was like a smartphone with a larger screen and more features . It didn’t require to pay for the data network, and it was only used to communicate with members of the internal onmyoji organization . What Hu Feng thought now was also very straightforward . First, he would fool Sumika to write her name on the endowing notebook, and then let her try to challenge the Japanese ghosts as a trainee onmyoji . If he found any unreasonable loopholes, he could just fix it . Assuming that everything went smoothly without bugs, then Hu Feng would consume a large number of fudge values to create more robot black cats with low-level Al and endowing notebooks, in order to up the scale of the project . “Did you wake me up? In return, you will have to meet my 3 requirements . ” “I want to eat dorayaki, sukiyaki, and seven grass porridge now!” Seeing the deep fear in the eyes of the young girl in front of him, Hu Feng began to talk very funnily . Ha! Amused by the black lucky cat, fear in the Sumika’s mind disappeared . She didn’t fall back, but began to observe the black lucky cat . Looking at Hu Feng’s furry appearance, Sumika couldn’t help but want to reach out and touch it . But after all, she was still worried about offending it, so she quickly retracted her right hand . Looking at his eyes, Sumika whispered to him . “Mr . Cat, what are you?” Anyway, no one else was there, and Hu Feng also wanted to perform, so he simply made a few exaggerated cat movements and said . “Since you asked sincerely, I will tell you with great compassion . ” “In order to prevent the world from being destroyed and protect Japan’s peace . ” “The cute and charming cat that implements the justice of love and hope . ” “I, Cat Spirit Number 1 is here!” Sumika was stunned, they looked at each other with their eyes wide-open . After a while, Sumika couldn’t help but ask again . “Mr...; Mr . Cat Spirit, my name is Ono Sumika . Although I can’t understand what you said, your name is Number 1, right?” “You can say that again . ” In view of the fact that there would be thousands of patients and the disabled getting endowing notebooks in the future, Hu Feng didn’t intend to give names to each black lucky cats since it was too much trouble, hence he just called them directly according to the birth order . No . 1, No . 3, No . 3...;...; “Wait! Maybe in the future, female onmyojis like Ono Sumika, would like to give a unique name for the endowing notebooks, so I can design a cat re-name function!” Hu Feng thought . “As long as the onmyojis are willing to spend huge amounts of time, their black lucky cats can be renamed!” “Not only that, as long as they are willing to spend more time, their lucky Cats can also change into different clothes, such as outdoor sports striped suits, swimming suits, winter jacket, and windbreakers...;...; Ha-ha! A nice way to recycle time . ” Feeling that the eyes of this black lucky cat were weird, Sumika couldn’t help but push him gently . “Mr . Cat No . 1, are you okay? You look a bit strange...;...;” Cough! Quickly coming out of his trance, Hu Feng put on a serious face and looked at Sumika . “Since you and I already know each other’s names, then I will tell you that something astonishing . ” Seeing the lucky cat suddenly become so serious, Sumika became curious, and she carefully listened to him . Chapter 60 <strong>Chapter 60: Doomsday Prophecy</strong>  “Do you know who you are?” Sumika was a bit stunned, wasn’t she an ordinary Japanese girl? Thinking, Sumika grinned . “I am an ordinary girl...;...;” “Wrong!” The black lucky cat put its two front paws gently on her shoulders, its shining amber pupils were staring Sumika, and it said . “You have the grace of Heian Age, a strong onmyoji inheritance factor, and your potential is like a bright pearl at night, but you don’t know it!” “Don’t sell yourself short, or consider yourself ordinary . You are a descendant of onmyojis!” I? Descendant of onmyojis? Sumika was completed stunned, she looked down and muttered over and over again, then she revealed a confused and unbelievable expression . “Mr . Cat No . 1, do you mistake me for someone else? ...;...;I, I never had such a special talent...;...;you suddenly tell me...;...;” Taking back the front paws, Hu Feng calmly asked . “Ono Sumika, do you know Takamagahara?” Thinking for a while, Sumika said bluntly . “It’s the heavenly world where the gods live . Before I was hospitalized, my parents took me to the shrine every year to pray for the sanctuary . ” “That’s right, then do you know the doomsday prophecy of the gods of Takamagahara?” Sumika was stunned . After a while, she said embarrassedly . “I’m very sorry, I’ve never heard of this kind of prophecy . ” Of course you haven’t heard of it, because I made this up . Hu Feng sat in front of her, and looked serious on his car face . “Before the gods left, they left the doomsday prophecy – one day, the ancient evil that cannot be called directly will wake up, the underground seal will gradually collapse, and the ghosts will be revived in the human world...;...;” “There will be descendants of blue-blooded onmyojis bravely expelling the ancient evil and fighting until death in order to protect the love and hope on the land of Japan!” “We lucky cats were reminded by the gods when they left that we should seek and help those descendants of onmyojis awaken before the ancient evil wakes up . ” “This endowing notebook was created for the awakening the descendants of onmyojis . We lucky cats live inside it , and we will also assist you . ” Doomsday prophecy? Hearing this, Sumika couldn’t help but take a deep breath . Even though she hadn’t experienced the chaotic world, Sumika could still understand that it was a tragedy in which all lives would be ruined from the various information sources available in modern society . Hu Feng added . “Ono Sumika, there’s no need to doubt whether you’re dreaming and whether this is just an illusion . ” “You can pinch your own arm to see if you feel any pain . ” Doing so, the pain on the arm made Sumika understand that she was in reality . Witnessing the miracle that the lucky cat No . 1 twisted the space and walked out of the magic notebook, Sumika began to believe that as a descendant, she absolutely had the ancestral origin of ancient powerful onmyoji’s, otherwise it would be impossible to find such a magical and cute lucky cat! Wow! I am actually a descendant of onmyojis, can I summon shikigamis in the future? Or can I perform all kinds of magical spells? Sumika blushed as she was excited . Noticing that her expression changed greatly, Hu Feng began the next step . Frighten her, and then let her honestly follow his steps to test the endowing notebook! In short, Sumika was the bug tester in the eyes of Hu Feng, who promoted the endowing notebook to the public and specifically looked for anything unreasonable . Slightly twisting the light in the ward, Hu Feng made himself a being in the shadow, and his voice became low-pitched . “If you were in ancient times, even without the guidance of we lucky cats or the endowing notebooks, you could still embark on an extraordinary path since you have the strong heritance of onmyojis . ” “But in the modern world, the descendants of onmyojis don’t know how to control or awaken their own strength . The extraordinary power will become the biggest obstacle in your normal life!” “Ono Sumika, I believe you also understand what the biggest obstacle in your body recently is . ” Hearing this, Sumika looked lost, and even paler and more lifeless . Biting her teeth, she asked in an extremely unbelievable tone . “Mr . Lucky Cat No . 1, do you mean...;...;the late stage of acute leukemia that I am suffering from, is stemmed from over-strong onmyoji heritance that I can’t control in my body?” “If it is someone else, I am not sure if his illness is caused by the onmyoji heritance . ” Walking around Sumika, Hu Feng gently nodded his head as she stared at him . “But being close to you, I can be 100% sure that the fact is just like what you have guessed . ” “This...;...;this is impossible!” Covering her face and weeping, Sumika couldn’t believe it . She was doubtful when she first heard that she had the ancient onmyoji heritance, became excited when confirming, and felt desperate after finding that the disease turned out to be brought by the heritance...;...; If she could turn back time, she wished that she had never met Lucky Cat No . 1, and had never understood the onmyoji heritance, hence she could die happily without knowing any of it...;...; “Give up? Escape from reality?” Hu Feng deliberately sighed . Right! Maybe Lucky Cat No . 1 can help me! Desperate sobbing, Sumika couldn’t wait to rush to the front of Hu Feng, as if a helpless person found a life-saving straw . She put her palms together devoutly and pleaded . “Mr . Lucky Cat, please guide me on how to save myself!” Hu Feng crooned and shook his tail gently, putting on a worried face . “Are you sure? As an honest and kind lucky cat, I have to tell you a cruel fact in advance...;...;” “In the modern world that the gods of Takamagahara have been forced to leave the world, if you want to completely control the onmyoji heritance and solve the obstacles in your body, it’s not easy! It will be a way, full of thorns . It requires wisdom and a long struggle . Can you really stand it?” Chapter 61 <strong>Chapter 61: Tenmondou, Rekisuudou and Onmyodo</strong>  “I can!” Sumika looked firm and persistent, and promised loudly . “Thank you for telling me, Mr . Lucky Cat No . 1! Even if there’s only a hint of hope, I am willing to give it a try, because the value of my personal life not only belongs me, the last thing I want to see is the tears of my parents and friends at my funeral . ” Fortunately, when Hu Feng appeared in the ward, he completely cut off the sounds . Otherwise, when Sumika exclaimed loudly, it would have definitely attracted many doctors and nurses . “As you wish . ” Pushing the endowing notebook to her with his claw, Hu Feng gestured . “Write down your name on the first page, and you will own it and become a trainee onmyoji . ” “The endowing notebook will tell you what to do next . ” “If you have any problem, you can always ask me . ” “Okay . ” After picking up the notebook, Sumika picked up an automatic pen and carefully wrote her name down . She looked focused and highly serious, seeming that she was afraid of her mistakes in writing typos would tarnish this gift of the gods . Seeing this, Hu Feng simply had a smile . Originally, he wanted to fool Sumika and relax her mind, in order to let her accept the endowing notebook . However, with his ingenious eloquence, Sumika took the initiative to request for the endowing notebook and stated that she wouldn’t be afraid of any hard troubles . “Girl, it seems that you don’t understand the situation...;...;” Looking at her with a little pity, Hu Feng began to control the core of the endowing notebook, and issued instructions to Sumika . “You have bound the current endowing notebook and become the owner of the endowing notebook No . 1 . ” “Your personal attribute bar has appeared in the endowing notebook and can be viewed by scrolling . ” For this information flow that suddenly appeared in her mind, Sumika was shocked for a moment before realizing that the notebook was in contact with her . Boosting her courage, Sumika began to flip through the notebook, and she first saw rows of personal attributes introduction . Name: Ono Sumika Age: 17 Identity: owner of endowing notebook No . 1 Heritance: (gray, unavailable, not awakened) Consume 100,000 time points to reveal the full name of the heritance . Consume 90 million time points to unblock the heritance and get 1 to 3 heritance spells . Order: trainee onmyoji Level: 0 (requires 100 experience points to reach the next level) (Leveling up allows you to increase the maximum mana limit, the ability to restore the mana and other aspects) Time points (currency, you can buy various props in the shop of endowing notebooks): 0 Mana value: 10 Mana restored per hour: 0 . 1 To become a formal onmyoji, you need to read through the books of the onmyoji heritance, such as Yijing, Hetu, Luoshu, Taiyi, Qimenjia, etc . Without mastering the mystery of Tenmondou and Rekisuudou, you can’t unlock various spells or unlock the shikigami summoning system . The three major departments of Tenmondou: star (gray), illusion (gray), sacrifice (dark black, the gods are permanently unavailable) The three major departments of Rekisuudou: divination (gray), orientation (gray), face (grey) The three major departments of Onmyodo: charm (killing, auxiliary spells), mantra (liberate, interfere mind, seal-like spells), onmyoji techniques (pure killing spells), summoning array (summon different types of shikigamis) Currently learned spells: none Current shikigami systems: 1 (that is, only 1 shikigami can be summoned at the same time) Maximum shikigami level: 1 Number of shikigamis that have contracted: 0 The mana required to summon 1 level-1 shikigami in the world per second: 30 Whenever shikigamis attack, it requires the mana of the onmyoji who has a contract with it . (The higher level the shikigami is, the more mana cost per second needed to summon it to reality . ) The high-level shikigamis are unique and limited to only 1 onmyoji . When an onmyoji dies, the shikigamis will be released from the contract The blessings of the gods of Takamagahara for each trainee onmyoji – after completing the first mission released by the endowing notebook, you can collect here . The blessings of the gods of Takamagahara for each formal onmyoji – after thoroughly mastering the books of onmyoji inheritance such as Yijing, Hetu, Luoshu, Taiyi and Qimenjia, you can collect here . The current released mission 1: go to Zeng Shang Temple in Tokyo to eliminate or liberate the ghosts [Natto] Given that it is Ono Sumika’s first time to view the mission, it now provides ghost information – Natto, 40 cm tall, weighing 5 kg, very fond of eating natto In view of the fact that Ono Sumika has not mastered any spells, it now hints you the daily commodities that can be used to attack ghosts: —— [Salt], pure salt can cause burning effect on weak ghosts . —— [Fried soybeans], with the help of the traditional custom of the Bean Festival, can expel the weak ghosts . —— [Uncuttable seaweed sushi rolls], with 7 kinds of ingredients that symbolize the traditional meaning of auspicious, namely pickled gourd strips, cucumber, egg rolls, eel, meat floss, crab sticks, shiitake . After eating the seaweed sushi rolls, you will be immune to weak mob attack in 10 minutes and intimidate them . Do you want to receive the mission 1? Sumika read the information . When she saw the final mission introduction, she couldn’t help but frown, and her face looked anxious as if she didn’t know what she should do . Observing the change of her expressions, Hu Feng pretended like he knew nothing, looked at the time crowdfunding, and then asked . “Go to the Buddhist temple? Eliminate Natto? Sumika, it looks very simple . Is there any problem?” “Lucky Cat, don’t you know...;...;” Sumika smiled wryly . “Since I have the acute leukemia caused by the strong onmyoji inheritance, I cannot leave the hospital . ” “Though I look very healthy, in fact, I am physically weak . I will pant whenever I walk a few steps . The onset may come at any time, and I will need a doctor to save me...;...;” “Well, I am useless...;...; Even if I get the blessings of the gods of Takamagahara, and you come to me with the endowing notebook, I can’t do anything...;...;” Sumika sighed disheartenedly . I actually forgot this! Many people who are seriously ill can barely stand up . It’s like torturing when they walk a few meters . In this case, even simple missions seem impossible to them . There are even patients who have no feelings except brain waves, I must consider them . Thanks to Sumika’s reminder, otherwise if I had released it before testing, it would have definitely failed, resulting in many patients like Sumika, who can only hold the endowing notebook helplessly . Hu Feng immediately decided to fix these irrationalities . Blinking his amber eyes, Hu Feng told Sumika . “Sumika, don’t be worried and sad . Look at my eyes . ” Raising her head doubtfully, Sumika looked over . Instantly hypnotizing her, Hu Feng easily erased her recent memory, and then began to modify the endowing notebook . At the next moment, he put down the endowing notebook quietly, and the details had changed . For example, even for the patients with active brain waves whose bodies were paralyzed, endowing notebooks would actively communicate with them, prompting the former to understand that they had the onmyoji heritance and received the mission . Once receiving the missions, the patient’s consciousness would be pulled into the endowing notebook and then they began the mission . After completing a mission, the endowing notebook would reward the patients in the name of the blessings of the gods of Takamagahara, so that they could restore part of their health and could temporarily leave the hospital . In reality, in front of numerous Japanese people, they would fight against the ghosts, and let the world witness the existence of onmyojis! The content of Sumika’s mission had also been changed . The current released mission 1: close your eyes when lying on the bed, have an out-of-body-experience of soul, and destroy or liberate the projection of [Bone Girl] As the ancient evil sealed deep under Japan, they reached a strong relationship with thousands of ghosts such as ‘Bone Girl’ . Unless you completely kill the ancient evil that cannot be called directly, the onmyojis will only eradicate the infinite projection of the ghosts . Elimination or liberating the projection can only weaken the power of the ghosts, but not eradicate it . Hu Feng pondered . If he didn’t add a projection setting of the ghosts, then when an onmyoji killed a ghost, other onmyojis wouldn’t be able to meet it . As time passed by, the number of onmyojis would increase, but the number of ghosts would become less and less...;...; Maybe before the final boss ‘Orochimaru’ appeared on the stage, all the ghosts would have been killed by the onmyojis! After setting these specific details, Hu Feng blinked his eyes, and Sumika, ​​who was originally hypnotized, immediately woke up . She only remembered that she was about to read the mission on the endowing notebook, and some sand suddenly flew into her eyes, so she took the time to blink her eyes before she discharged the foreign matter in her eyes . She continued to focus on the mission introduction on the endowing notebook seriously . “Mission introduction...;...; Close my eyes and lie on the bed?” The black lucky cat smiled, and Sumika couldn’t wait to try it . Chapter 62 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 62: Hide-and-Seek</strong>  Just closing her eyes and lying on the bed, Sumika immediately felt that the endowing notebook was shining, and her whole person was sucked into it . At the same time, a message echoed in her mind, making her unable to forget . Novice mission: destroy or liberate the projection of Bone Girl Bone girl, the legendary Japanese female ghost, a woman who was insulted, bullied, and trampled on when she was alive, turned into a devil after death due to resentment . Since she has only a pile of bones, she disguises herself with her skin . Mission difficulty: easy Mission mode: single (out-of-body experience) Time limit: none Mission Tips: She doesn’t have any special ability like teleport, perspective, illusion, and always searches at each floor at a constant speed . Its movement speed is 1 . 5 times that of ordinary people . It only has vision . She makes a huge abnormal sound when moving, and likes to peel the human skin . She is very fond of replacing the human skin on her body . Every 30 minutes, she returns to the initial landing floor and spends 3 minutes replacing the new human skin . Burn any piece of human skin, and she will die . She will appear after 20 minutes, so don’t get caught by her . Since it’s a novice mission, you won’t get hurt or die if being killed by her . But you may only enter the novice mission again after 24 hours . Since it’s a novice mission, even if you don’t kill or liberate her, the mission will be considered completed if you can survive 6 hours . But you may only receive half of the mission rewards and the blessings of gods of Takamagahara . After a long time, Sumika woke up and found that she was no longer in the inpatient department of the hospital . Looking around, she was not only in a strange place, but also her body became healthy like before being hospitalized! “...;...;Am I now having an out-of-body experience? Thanks to the power of the gods of Takamagahara, I must complete the novice mission!” Recalling the almost unforgettable mission introduction in her mind, Sumika couldn’t help but was deeply amazed at the power of the endowing notebook . “I almost forgot...;...; After 20 minutes, the projection of Bone Girl will appear!” After taking a deep breath to calm her mind, Sumika began to explore the environment . Yellowed walls, rusty elevators with idol posters, deserted hallway where only a few light sticks were thrown on the ground, open windows, and the open doors...;...; Searching for 10 minutes, Sumika was finally sure that she now seemed to be in a deserted apartment, the power and the water had been cut off since Sumika saw the specific map of the apartment when holding a light stick on the first floor of the building . – There are 9 floors, each with eight tenants’ houses, private bathrooms and toilets, no food provided, no pets allowed . – There are two kinds of access passages in the apartment, namely elevators and stairs . However, due to the power outage, the elevator has been deactivated, so only the stairs are available . “The mission tips mentioned that burning any of her skins will be considered killing her...;...;so I definitely need fire . ” Quickly walking through the 9 floors, Sumika didn’t find anything that could help her light a fire . Even when she broke into an unoccupied room, she only saw an empty kitchen . As for the lighter and matches, Sumika couldn’t find it either . Sumika also considered that she should leave the apartment to see what was outside since it was still early, before Bone Girl came out . However, after opening the door leading to the outside world on the first floor, she only saw the infinite darkness and an overwhelming black mist . Holding a plastic mop, she sent it to the front of the black mist . After witnessing that the plastic mop melt like a candle, Sumika wisely gave up the idea . As time passed by, it was estimated that 20 minutes almost passed . When Bone Girl was about to appear, Sumika hid in the middle of the apartment — the fifth floor stairwell, after all, she didn’t know where Bone Girl would appear . If she hid on the first floor or the ninth floor, wasn’t it a dead end if she happened to show up next to Sumika? Even if she was unlucky, and Bone Girl showed up on the fifth floor at random, she could immediately choose to escape up or down since she was in the stairwell . Thinking, a cry of the ghost came from the top of her head . Then, there were sounds of the heavy stuff moving which came from far away, regularly . In this dimly lit apartment, it was already very creepy . “Bone Girl must have appeared . She may be coming down . The regular sounds of the movement maybe implying that she is searching every empty room, so she stopped a little! Although I’m not sure where she is, she should be on the sixth, seventh, eighth or ninth floors . ” Considering that she would return to the initial appearing place every 30 minutes, then it took 3 minutes to replace the new human skin, Sumika forcibly resisted her fear of running away for the first time, speculated and remembered the location where Bone Girl appeared, and then quickly ran down to the lower floor . Although Bone Girl didn’t have the special ability of teleportation, perspective, illusion, etc . , its movement speed was 1 . 5 times that of ordinary people, so she couldn’t escape once she was seen by Bone Girl! So long before Bone Girl showed up, Sumika had already thought about how to survive . Hide-and-seek! She wanted to play hide-and-seek with Bone Girl, who only had vision . She had no second chance, so she couldn’t let the other party see her from start to finish! The elevator on each floor was unavailable due to the power outage . However, Sumika had observed that the elevators on each floor were open to the outside . She was very slim, if she stayed close to one side in the elevator, the incoming person couldn’t see her or couldn’t think of anyone hiding there . But she could only try this when there was nowhere to hide . After all, Sumika couldn’t guarantee whether Bone Girl would search in the elevator . If so, she wouldn’t be able to escape at all! Sumika had already given up the idea to burn any skin of Bone Girl in order to complete the novice mission of onmyojis quickly, since she couldn’t find anything to ignite fire, hence she only hoped that she could persist for long enough and would not get caught by Bone Girl in 6 hours . Chapter 63 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 63: Eight Trigrams Pattern</strong>  As time passed by, Sumika would immediately move down the next floor as long as she noticed that the movement of Bone Girl over her head got closer, in order to ensure that there was a floor of separation between her and Bone Girl . But it didn’t take long for Sumika to retreat to the first floor, and she had almost nowhere to go! “Do I really have to hide in this abandoned elevator?” Listening to the moving sound getting closer and closer, even if Sumika kept comforting herself that this was just a novice mission, she couldn’t help but feel terrified and nervous! What should I do? I can’t leave the apartment or face her on the second floor . Do I really want to gamble and hide in the elevator? Anxious and uneasy, Sumika held a light stick, suddenly noticed a small irregularity on the poster of Takakura Ken on the wall of the elevator . “What is this? Is it the hidden way out!” With the expectation, Sumika got close to the poster with the light stick . Looking carefully, it was a capitalized word ‘qian’ . When seeing the word, Sumika felt really upset since she had never read the metaphysical books that the onmyojis needed to learn, so that the implicit metaphysical decipherment caught her off guard . Fuss As Bone Girl was already close above her head, Sumika could even imagine the picture – Bone Girl with human skin walked down the stairs like an ordinary person and quickly approached her . “I can’t give up, I have to think about what it means . ” Sumika anxiously walked back and forth inside and outside the elevator and racked her brain . “Qian? What is it? In the metaphysical books, qian symbolizes different things in different environments!” “Since it is a novice mission, even if it is related to metaphysics, it shouldn’t be too difficult . ” Relying on Japanese folk customs and dramas, Sumika thought about it as much as she could . In the meantime, she suddenly thought of the layout of the abandoned apartment . This was a 9-story building with eight rooms on each floor . Sumika hit upon an idea . “Eight trigrams! If so, it should be qian, kun, li, kan, zhen, gen, dui and xun!” “Qian refers to the number one . ” “Since qian is on the poster in the elevator on the first floor, it means the way out is the room numbered 1 on the first floor!” At the same time, the Bone Girl’s movement sounded like she was about to go downstairs, hence Sumika rushed to the room numbered 1 . She closed the door, closed the windows, pulled the curtains, etc . in one go . After finishing all this, Sumika, ​​who was nervous, desperately tried to shrink her body against the wall, and then put her ear on the wall, hoping to hear the sounds outside . Boom! Boom! Bone Girl seemed to be kicking on every door, and then went in to see if there was any person living . Room numbered 8, room numbered 7...;...;room numbered 2 . Extremely fast! Sumika heard it very clearly that Bone Girl had already come out of the room numbered 2 . She was just outside the room where she was hiding! Although the mission introduction stated that Bone Girl only had visual ability, Sumika, who was extremely nervous and fearful was shivering and couldn’t help but hold her breath and concentrate to avoid making any sound . If possible, Sumika even wanted to stop her heartbeat . 1 second . 2 seconds . 3 seconds . Staying outside for a moment, Bone Girl didn’t hesitate to move on . Repeatedly confirming that she wasn’t outside, Sumika, who was soaked in sweat, finally opened her mouth and breathed fresh air . However, unexpectedly, after Bone Girl found nothing, she didn’t seem to leave the first floor immediately, but went straight to the elevator . Fuss! Quietly pulling the curtains, Sumika witnessed Bone Girl, the upper body wore the beautiful skin of a woman, and the lower body was like a ghost, that she walked straight into the elevator . “Too scary!” “Fortunately, I didn’t hide there, otherwise I might have been discovered now!” Noticing the Bone Girl come out of the elevator to return to the original path, Sumika immediately released the curtains nervously . Fuss! Fuss! Bone Girl returned and once again passed the room numbered 1, where Sumika was hiding, then went upstairs to search again on the second floor . Waiting for a few minutes and confirming that Bone Girl was really far away, Sumika came out . She began to sort out all the information she knew . “She likes to change her skin . Every 30 minutes, she will return to the initial landing floor and spend 3 minutes replacing the new human skin...;...;” “Burn any human skin, then you can eliminate her...;...;” “There are a total of 9 floors, according to the Eight Trigrams, there should be no word in the elevator on one floor!” “That is to say, that floor is the initial landing place of her? Or, when she searches on that floor, there’s no safe room to hide . ” “No, I can’t be completely sure about it . I have to go to the elevators on other floors and check them one by one . ” Analyzing the information, Sumika boosted her courage and headed towards the elevator on the second floor . Anyway, Bone Girl was now re-searching from the lower floors to the higher floors, so she was absolutely safe since she was on the lower floor . In addition, she personally witnessed that Bone Girl showed up no lower than the sixth floor, so the lower five floors had safe rooms which she could hide at any time even in the event of an accident . In the elevator on the second floor, as predicted, Sumika found a small word ‘kun’ on the poster Yamaguchi Momoe . The word ‘qian’ in the elevator on the first floor referred to the room number 1, which was an absolute safe point that won’t be broken into by Bone Girl . Then the word ‘kun’ in the elevator on the second floor naturally referred to 2, which symbolized that the room numbered 10 on the second floor was also the safe point . From then on, Sumika went safely all the way to the elevator on the top floor – the ninth floor . As she imagined, there was no word on the elevator poster . “No word means that there’s no safe spot on the top floor . ” Sumika pondered . “That is to say, this floor is the initial floor where Bone Girl arrived, and all of her skins should be on this floor!” Sumika hurriedly searched in the 8 rooms on the top floor . In the room numbered 71, Sumika saw many beautiful skins with different looks and temperament, like designer dresses, were hanged in a beautiful manner . Looking around again, unexpectedly, Sumika found that the corners of the house were filled with petrol barrels, and a long lead stretched out . Lighters and matches were placed on the table with great conspicuousness . Sumika suddenly realized that this should be the rewards given by the endowing notebook for those who solved the metaphysical riddle on the elevator posters! Without hesitation, she took a lighter to ignite the lead, then quickly left and rushed to the safe point on the eighth floor . After a while, with the rise of the raging fire, Sumika clearly heard the cry of Bone Girl downstairs . At the same time, the old apartment began to collapse and everything disappeared...; . . Chapter 64 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 64: 100,000 Trainee Onmyojis</strong>  In fact, when Sumika was experiencing the novice mission, Hu Feng was busy setting a reward for the first trainee onmyoji’s successful completion of the novice mission . Considering that numerous trainee onmyojis like Sumika needed to fight against the various ghosts vividly in front of the people as onmyojis, Hu Feng set reward of a few experience points and a set of onmyoji uniform – white safari shirt, sashimeki and a hat looking like eboshi – as the reward for the mission . Usually, the onmyoji uniforms were stored in the pages of the endowing notebook . When they needed to dress them, they could take out and wear them like ordinary clothes . The second reward was a random low-level spell reward among the three major departments of onmyodo, including ‘charm’, ‘mantra’ and ‘onmyoji techniques’, also the skill ‘summoning array’ that every trainee onmyoji had to learn – It was specially designed as arrays that can be drawn on the ground, cast spells, and summon the shikigamis . The third award given was, the blessings of the gods of Takamagahara for each trainee onmyoji – those who were seriously ill or were disabled could improve their physical condition in a medium range, and could fight against the ghosts like a normal person for the time being . Hu Feng completed setting these rewards . “Consume 20 points of fudge value to materialize the endowing notebook, and claim that it’s created with Divine Power before the departure of the gods of Takamagahara . Consume 4 points of fudge value to materialize the low-level AI black lucky cat...;...;” Consuming 2 . 4 million fudge values, Hu Feng materialized 100,000 endowing notebooks and lucky cats, so that they could find patients with the disabilities suitable as trainee onmyojis in Japan . Although it seemed that the number of onmyojis couldn’t be compared with the total population of 127 million in Japan, Hu Feng knew that the number wasn’t important, but whether they could have their foundation in the society or not mattered . There were only thousands of capitalist politicians in the Tokyo National Assembly, but they still dominated hundreds of millions of people in Japan . With the ability to summon a variety of shikigamis and to implement onmyoji techniques, the onmyoji organization could easily take part in the social discourse, so that no one would ignore or bully them . With the spontaneous expansion and development of the onmyoji organization, all Japanese citizens and even people all over the world would be shocked to realize that it turned out that in our seemingly normal lives, there actually existed a world of myths and legends! These onmyojis were its members! After removing the sound insulation in the ward, Hu Feng began to wake Sumika up . [Completed the trainee onmyoji novice mission: eliminate or liberate the projection of Bone Girl . ] [The whole process of the mission has been kept in the endowing notebook, immersed in the book, and you see from the perspective of God . ] [You have gained 30 experience points, 70 points of experience are needed to level up . ] [You got a full set of trainee onmyoji uniform – you can take it out from the book . ] [You have acquired onmyodo – onmyoji techniques – rejuvenation LV1 . Consume 20 mana and quickly seal the mantra, you can restore a little physical strength of all friendly units within ten steps, and increase the movement speed slightly for 5 seconds . ] [You have acquired the summoning array – you can use this to summon shikigamis . ] [You have completed the first mission and gained the blessings of the gods of Takamagahara – the disease symptoms in your body are cured by 60%, and your physical strength is increased to the level of normal people . ] Sumika, who just woke up, only felt that a series of information was flowing on the endowing notebook . Opening the notebook, when Sumika read the last piece in the description, she was completely stunned! Is the late stage of acute leukemia that had caused her desperation, roughly eliminated under the blessing of the gods of Takamagahara? “Lucky Cat No . 1, is this information true?” Opening the endowing notebook, Sumika looked at him doubtfully . “The artifacts that God has created never lie . ” Hu Feng said in an unpredictable way . “I’m sorry that I offended it . ” Sumika quickly apologized, but she was already so excited that she flushed since getting rid of the disease was her wish . Trying to walk down from the bed, Sumika ran back and forth, bounced in the room, boldly squandering her physical strength . Dozens of seconds later, Sumika still didn’t felt tired, and finally realized the youthful vitality of her peers . It was even conceivable that if it hadn’t been for that Lucky Cat who was in front of her, she would have been eager to tell her parents the good news – the acute leukemia was almost cured! As if knowing what Sumika thought, ripples appeared on the endowing notebook, Hu Feng re-entered the cover, and only his whisper could be heard in the ward . “If you want to share the joy of regaining health with your parents, as long as you don’t expose the presence of magical artifacts, you can do as much as you can . ” Not waiting for Sumika’s answer, the ward door was suddenly pushed open from the outside . It turned out to be Sumika’s parents, the attending physician and nurses came to prepare for the next chemotherapy . Seeing Sumika run in the ward on her feet, everyone was slightly stunned . Subsequently, her mother asked . “Sumika, lie on the bed . You are weak, and will soon receive new chemotherapy . You have to cherish yourself!” “Mom, in fact, I feel the vitality that I have never had . I think my acute leukemia has almost cured!” As if to prove it, Sumika made a few deep squats easily . The attending physician on the side was silent since Sumika was a weak and pale girl, who could even barely walk before, so how could she become a normal girl in such a short time? The attending physician frowned slightly and looked at Sumika’s parents around him . “Recently, do you have other treatments besides the chemotherapy and drugs we prepared?” Sumika’s parents looked at each other and shook their heads . “That’s really weird! The look of your daughter is very different from that in the previous few days . If it wasn’t for that, I was personally responsible for arranging the chemotherapy for your daughter, I would really doubt whether I got in the wrong ward!” The attending physician looked deeply shocked . “If you don’t mind, I’d like to arrange a comprehensive medical examination for her immediately . ” With a little contemplation, the attending physician looked at them with sincerity . Sumika’s parents were also eager to do so . Though her daughter looked much better than the previous days, but if she could go through a comprehensive medical examination, it would really make them relieved . Chapter 65 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 65: New Stuff, New Features!</strong>  After the physical examination that lasted more than three hours, many doctors at Okayama Hospital were reading Sumika’s prior report of early stage of acute leukemia and compared it to the report of the last chemotherapy and all of them were shocked . The current chemotherapy treatment aiming at the late stage of acute leukemia in Tokyo hospital could only alleviate the pain of the patients and delay their time of death . However, in the early stage of acute leukemia, as long as taking drug every day and undergoing bone marrow stem cell transplantation surgery every year, they could ensure at least 95% of survival rate! “This is a bizarre self-healing event in the history of Japanese medical science that is hard to imagine, but still happened magically!” The attending physician who was directly responsible for Sumika almost fainted . “I must report it to the Tokyo Medical Association immediately . This report is of great value!” “Go relax the patient! Keep them! Call the reporters of Tokyo’s largest news agency!” “Other rich patients with similar blood diseases can try to arrange for the same treatment as Ono Sumika . If someone can continue to magically heal themselves, then we Okayama Hospital will collectively win the Nobel Medicine Prize this year!” Doctors from other departments were also excited . Even some doctors euphemistically proposed to Sumika’s parents that if they could let Sumika stay in the hospital and receive their treatment every day, the hospital would not only return the high chemotherapy fees in these 3 years, but would also give them a large sum of cash . However, as for the behavior of ‘selling their daughter for cash and cooperating with hospitals for human trials’, Sumika’s parents refused resolutely and went to the off-court formalities at the fastest speed . At 1 a . m . , Sumika, sitting in a private car that left the hospital, looked at her ecstatic parents, who couldn’t wait to celebrate their baby daughter’s rebirth as her wish – the family went to the amusement park together . Sumika’s mother wanted to persuade her that she shouldn’t do that she was already 17, but she recalled the boring life in the inpatient department and the chemotherapy in the past three years, so she still agreed to her . During the afternoon, Sumika enjoyed a great time with her family and finally returned to her home for the first time in these years . As it became dark, pretending to go to sleep, Sumika locked the door from inside the room and opened the endowing notebook again . Developing a taste for it, Sumika tasted the great changes in life and regained her physical health after the successful clearance of the onmyoji novice mission, she therefore wanted to go deeper on the way of onmyojis . However, Sumika didn’t know that she was no longer the only trainee onmyoji throughout the country as Hu Feng had spread it all around Japan . Moreover, with the increase in the number of trainees, many new stuff and new features were updated in the endowing notebooks . Just flipping through the endowing notebook, Sumika was shocked by prompts with dense ‘exclamation marks’ . Please note! The soul binding function has been turned on . After acknowledging the owner, all the trainee onmyojis no longer need to worry about the endowing notebooks being lost, stolen, burned, etc . The endowing notebooks will be turned into tattoos, which will be kept behind the trainee onmyojis and will not affect normal use . Warning! All trainee onmyojis can’t communicate or enter the endowing notebook when they are between a battle . Please note! The trainee onmyoji store has been launched in the endowing notebooks . The number of all goods is limited . One person can buy up to three of the same item on a first-come, first-served basis . At noon on every Wednesday, all goods are replenished on time . Currently only one type of prop is sold: healing and recovery medicine . Please note! Trainee onmyoji forum has been launched in the endowing notebooks . All trainee onmyojis will be able to freely exchange, consult, communicate, and look for teammates in the forum to eliminate or liberate the ghosts together using number codes as nicknames . Please note! Shikigami fragment function has been turned on! Collecting 100 pieces of shikigami fragments will allow you to gain a permanent magic array to summon shikigamis . Please note! As the existence of ancient evil will wake up in the near future, and the projections of the ghosts will begin to appear at night, please go to all cities in Japan to deal with the projections of ghosts . At present, by viewing the map showing locations of projections of ghosts in the endowing notebooks, you can choose missions suitable for you . Every time you eliminate or liberate 100 ghosts, the onmyojis participating in the battle will be rewarded with different time points and experience points from the projections, according to the amount of their contribution in the battle . Every time you eliminate or liberate a ghost, the onmyojis participating in the battle will have a chance to get the shikigami fragments or any random onmyoji spell from them . Every time the projection of the ghost dies, its true body will be hurt by a certain amount of damage . Warning! It is risky for trainee onmyojis to fight against the ghosts alone . Please try to cooperate with as many people as possible . Please note! In the endowing notebooks, the mutual trading function between trainee onmyojis has been turned on . Props such as time points and shikigami fragments can be traded and transferred . Warning! Every time you conduct a trade, the endowing notebook will charge a one percent transaction fee as an intermediary . Please note! Every month, according to the number of ghosts eliminated or liberated by all the trainees onmyojis participated in battles, the rank will be released publicly . The top 10,000 trainee onmyojis will randomly obtain any 5 shikigami fragments below level-3! The top 1,000 trainee onmyojis will randomly obtain any 10 shikigami fragments below level-3! The top 100 trainee onmyojis will randomly obtain any 20 shikigami fragments below level-3 and a random spell of the three major departments of Onmyodo! The onmyoji who eliminated or liberated the most ghosts will obtain a complete level-4 shikigami and 5 random spells of the three major department of Onmyodo! All rewards can be obtained continuously . That is to say, the rank-1 trainee onmyoji can not only get the champion award, but also the top-100, top-1,000 and top-10,000 rewards . Chapter 66 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 66: The Show Has Just Begun!</strong>  After reading these prompts, Sumika curiously clicked on trainee onmyoji forum . “It’s so hard! Why do onmyojis still have to learn, read, and familiarize themselves with the old books like Yi Jing? I didn’t take such things seriously when I was studying . Now I became very anxious!” “Help! Senior onmyojis, does the number on the notebook symbolize the capability of my dormant blood? The smaller the number, the stronger the awakened blood?” “In the current Japanese society, how to hide ourselves as we have the noble origins of onmyojis?” “My personal speculation and a rough analysis of the so-called ‘ancient evil’ according to the brief information currently known!” “Recruiting three to five trainee onmyojis in Kanagawa County tonight to eliminate the weak ghost ‘tube fox’!” There were lots of people asking for help, recruiting players, and analyzing the status quo . Of course, the most eye-catching page was the post exploring the future of all onmyojis! “In modern society, although people seemed to have their personal privacy, yet they actually have nowhere left to hide . Even though we all have become trainee onmyojis, but still the satellites circling in the outer space orbit, monitoring equipments at urban street intersections, even the drunks, violent people, tramps? ...;...;” “Help! With so many obstacles, how can we trainee onmyojis protect ourselves? Not to mention that everyone has never experienced military training and all of us are completely ignorant about how to hide ourselves! If we eliminate the ghosts at night everywhere in Japan, I can guarantee that the police will come to the door next day and detain us on the charge of arresting the cultists, within three days!” “Therefore, we can only communicate with the council members immediately, so that every onmyoji will have the right to live . This should be the glorious future of us onmyojis!” Slightly biting her lips, Sumika carefully read the post . Thinking about it, she could also understand what the author actually meant . – The modern society and technology were developed and it was no longer like Henan Era hundreds of years ago . People who had just gotten exposure to their extraordinary power and have become onmyojis with their origins had to rely on the national government, or they would be considered as aliens by the ignorant people . However, many of the trainee onmyojis held different opinions and heated up the debates . “Are you willing to be a dog of a council member? You are not qualified to be an onmyoji, get out!” “Council members are all swindlers! They will forget every promise after being elected! Haven’t you understood it yet? Instead of trusting the government, I rather get killed by the ghosts outside!” “Stupid! You can die yourself, but you want to encourage us to suffer together? Should we sign the treaty and all get sent to the dissection table and be sliced for the purpose of research?” Some didn’t consider it unreasonable, as there might be a way to rely on the government . “I don’t think it is necessary to take the initiative to rely on council members because the more easily we surrender, the more we will be ignored and not valued!” “I don’t object to relying on my government! But I insist that we must make bigger troubles and notify the whole Japanese people that no one can protect their safety at night except us! Only when we reach this consensus, can we enjoy the benefits of high welfare by relying on the national government . ” “In a nutshell, we have to wait for trouble!” But don’t misunderstand, I don’t mean that we are going to make troubles . Those ghosts will do these all and then it won’t be too late for us to rescue them...;...;” Some trainee onmyojis were not only ambitious, but also a bit fanatic . “I firmly oppose the government! Yes, we are all weak trainee onmyojis now and a patrolman can kill us with a pistol...;...; But as long as we fight hard, each of us will awaken our origins and have our own shikigamis . We will gradually become stronger . ” “The power of shikigamis is ever-changing, such as control abilities of hypnosis and illusion . Think about it! At that time, we can secretly hypnotize the leader of the ruling party and use the illusion to secretly control the parliament . We onmyojis will be the future rulers of Japan!” “We onmyojis shouldn’t underestimate and hide our infinite potential . I feel that it is necessary for us to stand out and overthrow the current Japanese parliament with various means or even violence, creating an impact on this deadly Japanese society . ” “Stand up and look! The ruling class members are exploiting the labor benefits of the Japanese people! Listen to it! The laughter that the chaebol groups are enjoying, the fruits of the labors!” “What are we waiting for? All the Japanese trainee onmyojis should unite! In this fight, what we can lose is only the shackles imposed by the enslavers, but we can win the world!” “Long live gods of Takamagahara! Long live onmyojis!” Perhaps they were usually too depressed and dull, they all spat out their true thoughts, and this endowing notebook forum had completely become a place for them to relax . But Sumika was totally uninterested in these things . She flipped through some posts randomly, but most were similar stuff . Decisively leaving the forum, she began to look for mission of eradicating the ghosts in the vicinity of Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo . How could she stay at home during a long night? Sumika felt like sneaking out, finding other trainee onmyojis near the Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, and eliminating the ghosts together . With her own onmyoji technique that helped people recover their strength and slightly increased their movement speed – rejuvenation, Sumika believed that no one would refuse to join her team . It took nearly ten minutes for Sumika and she successfully found 4 members who were in the same area in Chiyoda . After agreeing on a meeting point, she immediately put on the hunting suit and headed to the scene . Tonight, they five would try to eradicate a demon in the reality – the human face tree . As they accepted the mission, the mission of human face tree on the map in the endowing notebook turned red, showing that some onmyojis had picked it up and they were ready to start . Across the country, hundreds of trainee onmyoji teams were launching action against their chosen goals . What everyone didn’t know was that this was just what Hu Feng wanted! “Photograph the battle scenes of these trainees and then deliberately make some videos and pictures looking like they are captured temporarily . Upload them to Twitter and YouTube with various accounts, and then I will spread them on the Internet and continue to promote...;...;” “I don’t need the Japanese people to completely believe it . Tonight, I just want to let them have a little attention toward onmyojis . ” Hu Feng had a well-thought-out plan and set a follow-up progress plan . “The show has just begun!” Chapter 67 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 67: Post with Geographical Discrimination!</strong>  When the trainee onmyojis, including Sumika, were fighting against the projections of the ghosts, Hu Feng also began to move on to his next step . Unlike the simple and rude cyber tactics that he used in Mainland China, now Hu Feng in Japan, in order to convince everyone that everything was a spontaneous behavior of the netizens creation as much as possible, in turn, invaded those Internet accounts who hadn’t been online for a long time and began uploading videos and graphical visuals on Twitter, YouTube, Niconico and other websites . “Tokyo’s night scene as beautiful as ever and a video taken off at work early morning to commemorate the occasion . ” Roughly this title, just looked like as if a netizen in Tokyo, Japan, who had nothing to do with, had uploaded the videos to Twitter . But in fact, this was a post that Hu Feng deliberately designed . Just clicking on the video, you could see the figures of onmyojis wearing hunting suits inadvertently showing up on the screen . Of course, the tweet title wasn’t complete, because it wasn’t enough to attract the vast majority of people to watch the content . How do I do it? Hu Feng began to add all the most commonly used attraction methods of the news media especially – create a geographical discrimination in Japan! “When I was studying in Kansai in my early years, I hated the environment there . ” Kansai? This, was the key word that aroused the war between Tokyo and Osaka! Kansai? What the hell are you talking about? In the minds of Tokyo people and Osaka people, the specific division of Kansai might be different . To this day, many Tokyo people hated Osaka people very much, saying that they weren’t educated . They never followed the rules and all of them were funny artists . The Osaka people, in turn, liked ridiculing the Tokyo people . They were generally arrogant, indifferent and worked in a depressed atmosphere all the year round . They never knew how to live with nature and have fun . They felt that everywhere except Tokyo was countryside . After setting the title, as predicted, more than 30 netizens came to browse the video and left comments and the number was still rising . Without paying attention to these people, Hu Feng had been busy thinking about other similar titles and uploading the videos to the website . After Hu Feng posted with thousands of accounts, he also pretended to be attracted by the title with other accounts and publicized the comments below, as if he unconsciously had an amazing discovery . “What happened? At 0:14, how do I see a group of Onmyojis wearing hunting suits? Looks like they are besieging something?” Hu Feng followed with another account . “Zooming in to the limit, it looks like an old tree!” Many netizens had also been attracted by Hu Feng, who were greatly shocked by the figures of onmyojis in the video . “Are they the onmyojis that hunt ghosts at night? No way! It’s 21st century now, how can there really be ghosts?” “Are they probably youngsters playing cosplay at night?” Hu Feng replied with other account . However, many Japanese netizens resolutely disagreed with his statement . “This is impossible! It looks like a certain area in Tokyo, but it’s not Akihabara...;...; How can someone play cosplay publicly here?” “Right! Cosplay in the middle of the night? There must be something in this!” “At 1:19, I saw the billboard of that building! It should be near the Chiyoda area where I live . I have already notified the police! Checking these things is their responsibility . ” Gradually, more and more netizens had begun to forward similar videos and images to their friends and family . With the promotion of Hu Feng, millions of Japanese netizens had seen videos of onmyojis tonight . Many netizens who hadn’t yet fallen asleep gathered on the forums to chat about it . Some people thought that a network pusher had carefully prepared for the plan, otherwise it was impossible for it to spread so widely in just a few hours . There were no onmyojis at all, it was simply a network hype . Some people thought that onmyojis barely showed up in the video, indicating that the person who captured it didn’t notice it, so it was likely to be a real supernatural event . And those onmyojis wearing white hunting suits seemed to be fighting around a tree, were there really so-called ghosts in this world? Are the deeds of the great onmyojis exorcising, which has spread since Heian Era, real? Regardless of whether these Japanese netizens believed it or not, Hu Feng could be sure that in the next week, the term onmyojis would definitely emerge from time to time in their minds . “The more haste, the less speed . ” Hu Feng already had a decision . After the majority of Japanese netizens first digested some information of onmyojis and tried their best to guess, he would secretly create a coincidence 3 days later, so that the journalists would happen to encounter a team of trainee onmyojis who were fighting against ghosts at night and the hype would continue . He believed that these journalists were also very interested in the mysterious characters mentioned in the local legends – onmyojis . Their reports would absolutely be enough to overwhelm the public opinion in Japan! In Chiyoda-ku, the fight between Sumika’s trainee onmyoji team and the human face tree gradually came to an end . Although it was their first time carrying out a battle against the ghosts, with psychological security brought about by the advantage of the number of people, Sumika and others overcame their fear and beat it hard with all the onmyoji techniques since its main trunk was completely fixed and it could only attack with branches or the parasitic vines . It took nearly half an hour for them, the novices who had no combat experience, to completely eliminate the projection of human face tree . In an instant, all five people clearly saw a faint light as thick as a desk lamp flying out from the human face tree projection and was divided into five groups of different sizes, which injected into their endowing notebooks respectively . Almost at the same time, Sumika and others heard the prompts in their ears – they received 50 to 200 experience points, depending on the contribution of each person in the battle . On the corpse of the human face tree projection which light dissipated, there were two pieces of level-1 parasitic-plant-like shikigami fragments [dodder], which made people feel surprised and excited . How do five people split two shikigami fragments? Looking at the two dodders, the five negotiated for a long time and finally determined that they would decide it over a game of rock paper scissors . The two winners could take the booty . Before they started it, they heard the police siren in the distance . They dared not stay in the same place, so they fled with two pieces of dodders . It was not long after they left, the police car parked on the side of the road and the inspection minister with a group of policemen also quickly rushed over, beginning to check the scene . Chapter 68 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 68: Done by Disciples of Aum Shinrikyo?</strong>  “Lock the scene, don’t destroy the scene of the crime!” “Collect all the clues, organize them and bring them all back to the police station!” While commanding the subordinates, the inspection minister touched his chin and thought about it . “According to the information provided by the informant, a group of at least six or seven have been here . ” “There are obvious traces of fighting, flame burning, etc . on the ground . We can preliminarily judge that this was an organized and premeditated gangster fight . ” However, the inspection minister suddenly shook his head and quickly denied what he thought . “No! The informant claimed that they wore hunting suits, the uniforms of the onmyojis and came here on foot...;...; if they are gangsters, they should have been dressed in a variety of ways and rode motorcycles...;” “Onmyoji uniforms? Hunting suits? Except the members of the major shrines, how can ordinary people spend high prices to buy this exquisite and expensive clothes? There is no such reason!” The inspection minister vaguely felt that, what happened tonight was strange and there was no clue about it at the moment, so he couldn’t accurately judge his reasoning . Splitting the spoils in a hurry, Sumika’s team began to dismiss . Before leaving, they agreed to meet in the same place tomorrow night . Going home secretly, Sumika returned to her room without disturbing her parents . Flipping through the endowing notebook, Sumika was shocked by the number of the posts on the forum . Sumika didn’t know that millions of Japanese netizens had a little understanding about the onmyojis at night due to Hu Feng’s promotion . Although 99% of Japanese netizens considered the online news as jokes and nonsense . But despite the fact that ordinary netizens didn’t care, the real trainee onmyojis like Sumika, became panicked . They not only dared to rush to isolate from the Japanese government party, but also feared that their true identity of onmyojis would be reported and they would be exposed . These distressed onmyojis could only post constantly and chat with others on the endowing notebook forum to comfort themselves to remain calm! Trainee onmyoji No . 78510 posted . “Damn it! So many police officers are nearby! They’re coming to the rental house where I live! Do they know my identity, so they’re going to take me back for human anatomy and blood test? How should I save myself! Urgent!” “Every senior onmyoji, I will introduce myself . I am 34 years old . I am a tramp living in the forest park of Saitama County . I can hear the police sirens around . I am scared and confused . Please tell me what to do!” Trainee onmyoji No . 91421 honestly confessed . Refreshing the page almost every second, posts with similar content popped up on the forum homepage . Sumika became a bit sorrowful . She was currently living with her parents in a middle-class residential area and she was not worried about food and clothing . However, if the police broke into and searched the house, she really couldn’t guarantee that her identity wouldn’t be exposed . “Don’t panic! I, a senior lawyer, Gongjun Xiu, am here to teach you how to save yourself!” Suddenly, a post came into view and Sumika couldn’t wait to click on it . “First of all, we must be clear about this . Except for that we know our noble origins of the onmyojis, ordinary people don’t understand this at all . ” “So, even if someone is arrested, even if he has books about the inheritance of onmyojis, or he even still wears the hunting suits, he must grit his teeth and swear not to expose his identity, so that he can get through it . In the worst case, he will only be regarded as a psychopath, or a cult member who is suspected of crime!” “Besides, I still have to tell you a fact!” “The endowing notebook, the gift given by the gods of Takamagahara, can’t be seen by ordinary people after the soul binding! Even if you are in prison, you can contact us . The onmyojis who haven’t been arrested can also come to rescue you as a guarantor . ” “As a lawyer for a few decades, I have a lot of connections in Tokyo Dacheng Lawyers . I am willing to serve all the onmyoji friends who have been arrested tonight for free . ” “As long as you can provide your name, personal information and location, I will come to you to defend you at the court or pay the bail!” Sumika saw many people have praising at the senior lawyer, and some onmyojis couldn’t wait to send their basic information, asking him to save themselves . At the same time, an emergency meeting was taking place in the brightly lit Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department . The members of the meeting were the police director, the police chief and all high-level police officers . Those chiefs who were in charge of a police station weren’t even eligible to attend the meeting tonight . The police director solemnly said . “The current situation has been fully reported to you . Tonight, in all major cities in Japan, there are people reporting panickingly, claiming that they have seen the onmyojis wearing hunting suits in the vicinity...;” “However . ” The police director added . “According to our urgent contact with the major shrines, none of witches or members of the shrine have gone out tonight and the hunting suits aren’t stolen...;...; “At least thousands of people have witnessed people with hunting suits tonight, if they are not organized and premeditated with financial support, how can they take action with uniforms on their own?” “In summary, I have reason to suspect that maybe the notorious Aum Shinrikyo wants to pick on us again, must be taking revenge for their dead ex-leader!”, with his eyes slightly narrowed, the police director summarized . All the senior police officers present couldn’t help but be shocked, worried and confused . Aum Shinrikyo, since its founding in 1985, had been ostensibly seen as a new religious group based on Buddhism and yoga . However, they were actually a cult organization which specialized in various retaliations and terrorist attacks . They placed sarin gas on the Tokyo Metro Line 3, causing 13 people to die directly, and injured more than 6,300 passengers . They kidnapped kindergarten children, tied them up and poured gasoline to burned them, claiming to solve the problem of the filthy society...;...; These creepy events were nothing but ordinary behavior to the Aum Shinrikyo leader . Even recently, the leader of Aum Shinrikyo, Asahara, was successfully arrested and executed, but the number of his believers never declined . They seemed eager to avenge their leader . Now that the police director had revisited the events, how could everyone not get worried about it? “From now on, strengthen the intensity of patrols in various districts and towns in Tokyo...;...; Inform other city police stations that the fanatics of Aum Shinrikyo might attack...;...;” “Arrange undercovers in Aum Shinrikyo . Ask them to pay close attention and be ready to pass message to the outside world...;...;” Chapter 69 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 69: The Debut of Onmyojis!</strong>  Late night three days later, Hu Feng arranged another projection of Hitouban on the remote streets of Nakano, Tokyo, labeling it as an intermediate demon and it was difficult for a single team of trainee onmyojis to eliminate it . Soon, several teams in Tokyo decided to cooperate with each other and head over to fight against it . The five-person squad of Sumika had tasted the sweetness of the victory last time, so they also came over . At the same time, Hu Feng made dozens of journalists belonging to different newspapers and television stations, who knew each other and often hung out together in a bar, leave the bar after being intoxicated at midnight, walking on the empty streets of Nakano . It didn’t take long when something happened that woke up most news reporters! Everyone saw a demon with a neck longer than seven meters and an ugly head, always ready to fly out and attack, actually appear in the center of the street with their own eyes . What shocked these journalists more was that there were dozens of onmyojis dressed in white hunting suits, who were extremely tacit in casting spells and working together, besieging the demon with different onmyoji techniques . Micro noise elimination barrier, micro movement forbidding barrier, five fireballs, earth wall and ice shield sheltering the party combatants, love-shaped spell interfering the mind of the demon projection...;...; The fortunate onmyoji who owned a shikigami drew a magic circle on the ground with props such as cinnabar and ash under the cover of his companions and he recited the summoning spell, trying to summon his exclusive shikigami to reality and fight for him . “Peach Blossom Demon, who signed a contract with me and become my shikigami!” “Slim boneless body, red and burning petals, scented aroma...;...;” “I order you to come to this world in the name of Taro Aso!” The summoning circle began to flash two different colors of pink and green and a small peach tree that seemed as if shrouded in mist slowly emerged from the center of the circle . In an instant, such magic like movie stunts that completely broke the rules of physics stunned the reporters and totally woke them up! After being discovered, those trainee onmyojis wanted to escape, but the projection of Hitouban was directly controlled by Hu Feng, how could he allow these people leave and interfere with his plan? Hence all the trainee onmyojis could only spent an entire hour eliminating the projection in front of the reporters helplessly . Being surprised and shocked, these journalists with a hunger for news started taking photos with their cameras . Some of the smarter reporters even took out their mobile phones to take close-up videos . At the same time, they didn’t forget to take a wonderful close-up of the faces of all the trainee onmyojis! In the early morning next day, the news media community of Tokyo had a great impact! About forty reporters from different newspapers and TV stations witnessed onmyojis fight against a demon and there was a great amount of evidence preserved on the mobile phones and cameras! After considering it over and over, many of the news stations began reporting through their channels, since the government had never stipulated the news concerning onmyojis . In just one day, the topic of onmyojis had gone viral and occupied the headlines on the Internet . “Shock! The nights turned out to be guarded by the unknown heroes, the onmyojis?” “Myths and legends come true! Contemporary Abe no Seimei? Up to 47 young onmyojis?” “Tokyo is suspected to be occupied by demons! Fortunately, many young onmyojis fight for it?” “When there is no sunshine, don’t go out! When the demons come, you can’t escape!” “The incredible dark world! The lie that the government wants to cover is finally revealed!” And those onmyojis who were captured by the journalists who recorded the battle which lasted dozens of minutes, were also recognized by the netizens who were extremely shocked! Some netizens claimed that the one who drew magic circle and chanted spells under the cover of other onmyojis was their high school classmates, fat nerd Taro Aso! There were also parents shocked to discover that their child like, Sumika, who had just been discharged from the hospital, slept early every night and locked the doors from inside, was actually the one who paid attention towards casting spells to bless her teammates in the video? Many netizens felt uneasy when thinking that a demon required more than 40 people to besiege it and spend nearly an hour eliminating it...;...; If there were more demons messing around together, Tokyo would become a no-man’s land . More ordinary netizens urged for the Japanese government to come up with a reasonable explanation . Why was there a demon in Tokyo? Who were those onmyojis? Was the government already aware of the existence of demons and onmyojis and only the innocent civilians were kept unknown of the whole situation? At the moment, debates began on the Internet . The Japanese government, which had been annoyed by the public, tried to solve the problem . Many members of the parliament, though having no way to stop tens of millions of Japanese netizens, could only deal with the trainee onmyojis whose faces had been photographed by the reporters! When local police came to their doors with arrest warrants, the 47 trainee onmyojis whose faces had been exposed, had nowhere to escape and were easily arrested . In the interrogation room, all the trainee onmyojis were individually interrogated . “Name?” “Ono Sumika . ” “Where did the demon with the long neck come from?” “I don’t know . ” “How did you become an onmyoji?” “I don’t know . ” “Go out . Next!” The members of the parliament didn’t order the follow-up procedure except arresting them with the help of Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department . Considering the members of the parliament might put the onmyojis in important positions in the future, the policemen dared not offend them, so that no one tortured them . In addition, no one could guarantee when these young onmyojis, who seemed to be obedient and cooperative with the trial, would became furious and cast the spells used against the demon last night to treat them, if they got tortured . Therefore, what Sumika and others encountered at the moment was only a repetitive interrogation that separated them according to their gender . Chapter 70 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 70: The Movement of the Parliamentarians</strong>  The high-definition video of onmyojis fighting against demons at night, captured by the journalists in Tokyo at close range really blew out the Japanese parliamentarians’ minds! When seeing it for the first time, many parliamentarians considered it as the latest onmyoji movie produced with modern technology of computer synthesis . However, after the technicians repeatedly checked the frames one by one, they found a sensational fact – the video wasn’t fake! Even then there were still some young parliamentarian who were deeply influenced by science and atheism, they were determined not to believe in it, but they became deeply shocked after they were brought to the scene by the senior police inspector of the Metropolitan Police Department to see the traces of the battle and the magic circle on the ground that had not yet disappeared . As for the 47 young onmyojis arrested and detained in the police station, the parliamentarians were very much inclined to maintain contact with them after repeated discussions . After all, these onmyojis had mastered extraordinary abilities . Although they seemed no different from ordinary people, no parliamentarians dared to guarantee that they wouldn’t control their shikigamis for revenge . Thanks to onmyoji legends in Japan, the parliamentarians were also awe-inspiring about the so-called onmyojis who controlled shikigamis and possessed great talents . Sometimes it was also necessary to pay attention to the way of controlling a person . The Japanese parliamentarians naturally wouldn’t threaten the onmyojis by blackmailing them with the safety of their parents, ruthlessly, like the gangsters . The parliamentarians, who controlled the vast majority of Japan’s resources, wanted to draw them to their side, making them feel the goodwill of the Japanese government and become willing to serve the government . Through a detailed investigation, the parliamentarians got all kinds of information concerning all the onmyojis with great speed, including family, personal preferences, behaviors, online dating lists...;...; They got everything that could possibly be found . Next day, in the interrogation room of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, the parliamentarians secretly contacted the director of the police department and asked him to separate those who hadn’t said anything resolutely, from others . As for those onmyojis who valued family relationships, the parliamentarians contacted the consortium to promote or raise the salary of the family members of the onmyojis, even better they simply transferred them to a government agency with high pay and light work and then allowed the onmyojis to chat with their family for a short time, informing them of various changes in the family . As for the tramps or those who lived in rental houses and had normal jobs, the parliamentarians straightforwardly promised to give them villas, sports cars, beautiful female stars and other financial resources if they could serve the government . As for the individual onmyojis with ambitions or who had left remarks against the parliament online, the parliamentarians asked the police officers, who were good at torturing the criminals without leaving any traces to violence, to deal with them! For example, they tied the feet of the onmyojis higher than their heads, covered their faces with towels, and poured water on their faces . The onmyojis would suffocate, but they were unable to struggle, totally helpless . After the onmyojis took the initiative to ask for mercy, the police officers, who were instructed by the superiors, would turn a deaf ear to them and tell them that this was the result if they didn’t cooperate with the government, trying to play bad cop to the extreme . However, the police director would come in and scream at those bad policemen at that moment . He would immediately order them to untie the shackles on the onmyojis, comfort them and played as a good man who was completely unaware of the bad behavior of his subordinates in order to earn the trust of the tormented onmyojis . Those parliamentarians who were expert in controlling others easily manipulated this behind the scene and simply made all the captured onmyojis surrender . Even when a few unyielding onmyojis still refused to cooperate with them even after the tortures like water punishment, the parliamentarians didn’t care at all . They felt as long as the extraordinary power of an individual onmyoji couldn’t resist 5 combat tanks of self-defense forces, it wasn’t a big deal to send them directly to the secret prison for a lifetime! Inside the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, the real interrogation began quietly . Among 47 arrested onmyojis, Ono Sumika, as a young girl with no social experience but hospitalized for many years, became the target of the parliamentarians as they planned to start from her . They arranged the hidden camera and other devices in advance so that the parliamentarians could get to know the scene live . Playing as an amiable image of an old man, the police director took the lead in starting a conversation with Ono Sumika . Although they chatted with various topic, he never mentioned the investigation of the onmyojis . “Sumika, you should know my identity . I’m the police director of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, Kenichi Fujita . I’m responsible mainly for some criminal civil cases...;...;” “In fact, really, I have never believed that there were actually onmyojis in the world! I always thought it was a stupid folklore or something . ” “If it’s okay, Sumika, can you tell me how you became an onmyoji? Were you instructed by a famous teacher? The shrine inheritance?” Hearing this, Sumika shook her head . “Well, what should I say? I actually became a trainee onmyoji less than a week ago . ” “A few days ago, I was still a patient suffering the late stage of acute leukemia and I was forced to be hospitalized and waiting for the end of my life...;...;” Unpretentiously telling her past, Sumika seemed to be recalling her good memory . “When I was about to give up completely, the servant who represented the gods of Takamagahara in the world showed up!” “It came to my side, not only sent the blessings of the gods of Takamagahara, but also pointed out that I was actually a descendant of the ancient onmyojis, so that I can now become a trainee onmyoji to protect the love and the hope of the entire Japanese land, fighting against the ancient evil that cannot be called directly in the near future!” Although she just said it easily, but to the police director and the parliamentarians behind the scenes, it was a crazy amount of information! Gods of Takamagahara actually existed? Were there also servants who served the gods in the world? What kind of blessings had been sent, so that this girl has become an onmyoji with extraordinary ability in less than a week? Sumika was still a seriously ill patient in the late stage of acute leukemia last week . Now her face looked fair and she could even run and jump . It was completely impossible for her to be a dying patient . Was this also an additional reward for the onmyojis? Assuming that an ordinary person had accepted the blessings of the gods of Takamagahara, could he become an onmyoji? What was the so-called ancient evil that cannot be called directly? All kinds of thoughts came to their minds . No matter if it was the police director or the behind-the-scenes parliamentarians, everyone was confused . In addition to being shocked, they were also extremely worried . Chapter 71 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 71: The Forewarning of Hyakkiyakou</strong>  Coming out of his trance, the police director quickly asked . “Sumika, what does ‘servant’ mean? What’s this about ‘the blessing of gods of Takamagahara’? What’s the meaning of the term ‘ancient evil that cannot be called directly’? Can you elaborate?” Sumika slightly frowned as she repeatedly pondered . She felt that if the ancient evil was about to appear, they wouldn’t be able to resist since currently the power of the onmyoji organization was still too weak . As she pondered, she understood that they would be able to get a lot of help from the government by revealing the truth...;...; At this point, Sumika made a decision . “The servants are the black lucky cats . As far as I know, every onmyoji will have a personal black lucky cat . They will answer all kinds of basic questions for onmyojis and guide them when using their ‘Endowing notebooks...;...;” “Endowing notebooks?” The police director was confused and couldn’t help but ask . “What is that?” Sumika solemnly said . “It is not something ordinary . According to the servant, it is a wonderful artifact created by the gods of Takamagahara, before the departure of the gods . It is specially used by the onmyojis to enhance their growth!” “We onmyojis have long forgotten the glory of our ancestors, as well as Tenmondou, Rekisuudou and Onmyodo...;...;” “If it weren’t for the magical endowing notebooks created by God, I wouldn’t be called an onmyoji at all!” At the beginning, Sumika said gently, but as she continued, she couldn’t help but talk with her head held up high since she was obviously proud of her identity as an onmyoji . Looking at the police director who was already stunned, Sumika changed the topic . “As for the ancient evil that cannot be called directly, I don’t know its specific identity...;...;” “But according to the servant, at present, the horrible ghosts that rage all Japan at night have a close relationship with the ancient evil . ” Sumika told as much as possible about the information she knew to him . “Given the fact the ancient evil hasn’t woken up yet, these ghosts are also in the projection state of immortality, their intelligence and combat power are only a fraction of their true bodies . ” The police director and the parliamentarians became completely speechless . In particular, some elderly parliamentarians kept wiping the cold sweat on their cheeks and speculating about what this ancient evil exactly was and why it had had such a great power . Many parliamentarians were also wondering how much odds did they have of winning if they had their self-defense forces in Japan fight against these so-called projections of ghosts? If they couldn’t win, they would have to spend a fortune to ask the US military stationed at the military base in Japan to maintain law and order . But if that was the case, wouldn’t it cause a lot of bad events and chaos leading to robbery? Or they could simply hide the fact, not announcing the news to the public . Anyway, they were just a few ghosts . As long as they strengthened the patrol police force nearby, it would be fine . When the parliamentarians were in a dilemma, Sumika suddenly talked to the police director as she seemed to think of something . “I almost forgot, in fact, there are more onmyojis, not just us...;...;” “I have seen the number of a trainee onmyoji reaching more than 90,000 on the forum of endowing notebook pages . Usually each onmyoji has one number, that is, there are at least about 90,000 onmyojis...;...;” In an instant, the police director became dumbfounded as he heard the news! At the same time in the National Assembly Hall, the parliamentarians looked at each other as everyone could read the shock and panic in the eyes of others .  “Assuming that she did not lie, the gods of Takamagahara really blessed the world and created more than 90,000 onmyojis...;...;” “How many ghosts are there?” “Millions? Or more? Even if they’re only projections with weakened power, so many ghosts raging in the country, how can thousands of US troops stationed in Japan play a role?” A parliamentarian said in a frightening tone . His voice even echoed, since the parliament hall was so quiet . Other parliamentarians gasped as everyone was at risk! On the other side, Hu Feng was pondering about the largest and most notorious cult organization in Japan, Aum Shinrikyo . Hu Feng considered that the ghosts arrived as projections, which didn’t cause any casualties . The 100,000 onmyojis would be underestimate as the ghosts and soon the Japanese government wouldn’t care about it . A large part of the reason for people’s fear of extraordinary ability was because of the fear of extraordinary creatures with great power . If the ghosts Hu Feng designed were always that weak, even an ordinary Japanese person would look down on these ghosts sooner or later . Moreover, it was possible that the ancient evil would become a joke! After all, if the servants of the ancient evil were so garbage, their boss couldn’t be really strong! Therefore, it was necessary to engage in a major event that sensationalizes Japan, especially with casualties, so that the public and the onmyojis would deeply understand their power . Hu Feng wasn’t the kind of person who killed innocent people, therefore, he decided to take advantage on the Japanese cult Aum Shinrikyo, which was dedicated to terrorist attacks and was proud of burning themselves . He wanted them to be ‘inspired by God’ and thus organized the modern edition of Hyakkiyakou! Hu Feng planned to let go of those who were fooled by the cult or the disciples who had not committed murder . But as for the leader and the high-level heads of Aum Shinrikyo and those who had presided over the crime of murder, he did not intend to let them go . In his plan, the sinners of Aum Shinrikyo would be tempted by the evil spirits, get enlightened and dance in the public places, then would summon numerous tsukumogamis who are full of resentment, with their own flesh and blood, turning Japan into a dark world and starting the Hyakkiyakou . Then the tsukumogamis would started attacking all living things . The tsukumogamis were the old stuff, which people hadn’t used for a long period of time . They accumulated resentment, became alive and would retaliate against the living . In the plan, he would give orders to all the onmyojis, claiming that a great number of real and more powerful ghosts that survived from the Heian Era would come to life, if the onmyojis couldn’t eliminate all the tsukumogamis . He believed that such a message would not only frighten 100,000 onmyojis but also make the people and parliamentarians panic since the sky would suddenly turn dark! At the time, Hu Feng felt that he could make Sumika, who was currently in contact with the Japanese government, tell them that the three artifacts of the Japanese Emperor’s collection – Kusanagi Sword, 8-footed Jade, 8-footed Mirror, in fact, had infinite power and could be used to suppress Hyakkiyakou with psychologically suggestive means . When Sumika would obtain the three artifacts, they would shine with endless brilliance and trigger her unawakened origins of onmyojis, making the world mistakenly believe that it was the power of the three artifacts . Hu Feng had already completed his plan . He wanted to make Sumika a descendant of Abe no Seimei, the first onmyoji in the Heian Era! Considering that currently onmyoji organization was too weak and no one could handle it when the big boss ‘Orochimaru’ showed up . Since Abe no Seimei was once ordered by the Emperor to eradicate the nine-tailed fox, he decided to set that the top shikigami ‘Nine-tailed Fox’ as sealed in the 8-footed Jade, so that Sumika had a shikigami which could help fight against Orochimaru and convince all Japanese people to recognize the existence of onmyojis more . In addition, Kusanagi Sword would have a special effect on Orochimaru as Hu Feng had set it up according to Japanese folklore . 8-footed Mirror, as a symbol of legendary Amaterasu, had the ability to connect with the sun . Hu Feng intended to let the soul of Chiyou, the descendant of Emperor Yan, openly steal the sun power of Amaterasu for his own use in front of the whole world, as the key weapon to kill Orochimaru . Chapter 72 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 72: Shuten-doji, Modified Samurai, Sacred Emperor</strong>  After confirming the cause and details of Hyakkiyakou, Hu Feng began to finalize its ending . He thought that since Sumika, who had the recognition of Japanese people, was a descendant of great onmyoji Abe no Seimei and owned the shikigami Nine-tailed Fox, there had to be a villain with strength at the same level! Otherwise, what’s the point of a lopsided match? The command system called out a large number of well-known demons in Japanese myths and Hu Feng began to search for suitable targets . After a while, Shuten-doji, known as one of the three major demons in Japan, caught his attention . Shuten-doji was active in the Heian Era and was said to lived on the mountains of Danjiang . Standing six meters tall, he had a very strong body, a red face, a few messy short hairs and long horns on top of his head and only wore a slight piece of cloth at his waist . He kidnapped women and children as food and was extremely fond of sucking blood . What I want is this kind of scary villain! Hu Feng nodded slightly with satisfaction and subconsciously began to ponder about the modified Bushidou he had set, as he originally wanted the soul of Chiyou to possess a Japanese teenager and teach the Japanese teenager the path to becoming a samurai . Recently, with a deep understanding of Japanese society, Hu Feng initially realized the immaturity of his previous ideas . First of all, the identity of this Japanese teenager was a big problem! Can’t a Japanese teenager have no past experience? Such as Identity files, family relationships, interpersonal relationships, etc . , they’re completely unclear . Moreover, once the Japanese teenager was exposed to the public, undoubtedly the Japanese government would investigate to find out why the soul of Chiyou possessed him . As long as they looked into it, they would find so many flaws! Hu Feng was really reluctant to stick to his old plan . After consideration, he changed the plan! Just like Meng Jingyu, the secret martial artist, he himself would play the role of the modified samurai . Hu Feng also had an idea about the identity of the modified samurai and would take the opportunity to debut in front of the people of Japan and the world! “Although Sumika unsealed the Nine-tailed Fox in the 8-footed Jade,” Hu Feng began to sort out the upcoming situation and found a suitable opportunity to put in the young samurai played by him personally . “As a trainee onmyoji, she can’t fully exert the full strength of Nine-tailed Fox, which was one of the three major demons in Japan . ” “So she is in the underdog position . ” “Then, it would be the best moment for me to debut!” “My gears will be all the standard configuration of the ancient Japanese samurais...;...;” Hu Feng then thought about it . “As for how to express that I’m possessed by the soul of Chiyou, I can wear a cow mask first, then there is a pair of bird wings in my shadow, which would fly freely in the air, enabling me to overlook the battle and cooperate with Sumika to attack Shuten-doji . ” According to legend, Chiyou’s face looked like a cow and he had wings on his back as he was the leader of the families with cow pattern and bird pattern . In order to show everyone that he was possessed by the soul of Chiyou, he decided to set up like this . Hu Feng also finalized the ending . “Sumika can’t defeat Shuten-doji even if she fights with him for a long time, but I can fly, and I will kill him instantly, which ends the Hyakkiyakou, stopping the demons and tsukumogamis from coming to life . Then, I will leave like a boss...;...;” Slightly holding his head, he seriously said . “So, considering the sense of power or mystery, it will be vivid . The image of the mysterious samurai will undoubtedly make the world remember him!” Taking time to go through all the details of the Hyakkiyakou again, he started the first step after confirming that there were no flaws . He contacted the Japanese cult Aum Shinrikyo and made the leader and others inspired by the ‘God’! In a dimly-lit, narrow and dirty headquarters, ‘hive’, where the per capita total area was less than seven square meters . Though the believers of Aum Shinrikyo looked very pale and had bloodshot eyes, they still paid attention to listen to the new leader – the third daughter of the former leader, Asahara Akira, who was sentenced the death penalty . Now the sacred emperor Asahara Matsumoto released a new prediction . There was a strict organization in Aum Shinrikyo . The leader herself was called the “Sacred Emperor” and had 21 internal institutions . They are the Imperial Court, the Emperor’s Hall, the East Belief Hall, the West Belief Hall, the Ministry of Intelligence, the Autonomous provinces, the science and technology provinces, etc . In order to totally control everything of the believers, each time they concentrate on preaching classics or launching terrorist attacks, before the prophecy was issued, the Sacred Emperor would strictly control the diet and sleep of all believers, so that the latter could only sleep 3 hours and have 1 meal a day . Any believer who tried to escape or withdraw would be severely tortured if found . Then, after the sacred emperor signed the death sentence of these believers, they would be locked inside a distressed, dampened and small room and wouldn’t be provided with any food or water until they died . When Asahara Akira was arrested and executed by the government, many believers suddenly found out that the leader had no magical powers to stop the bullets, which meant they were fooled . Hence some believers attempted to sneak away, but as the new sacred emperor sent out the patrols outside, those who tried to escape all died since they were all caught back . Without the slightest pity, Asahara Matsumoto, who followed her father for a long time, directly sentenced these believers to death . After executing a group of believers, they also took the believers to visit the skeletons of those who died of starvation as Asahara Matsumoto established her own sacred imperial power . The reason why she convened thousands of believers today at the headquarters ‘hive’, ready to issue new prophecies in public, was not only to make some changes, but also make her own image imprinted on the brains of the believers . Chapter 73 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 73: Crazy Cult Believers</strong>  “All the believers here I am the Sacred Emperor, the resurrected Christ, the new Savior...;...; The end of the world is close at hand and only those who convert their belief in me can live in the ruins of the doomsday...;...;” Looking solemn, the leader, Asahara Matsumoto, began to predict the approaching catastrophe . Usually, the cadres would create various realistic illusion effects with technology after receiving the notice from the leader, so that the believers below would become obsessed with it and admire the magical power of their leader . But today, before the leader could communicate with them, something incredible happened in the hive! The vast Milky Way shower slowly descended and the endless meteorite rain appeared above their heads . All kinds of unbelievable exotic flowers bloomed in all directions . One middle-aged man draped in the Aum Shinrikyo flag, with infinite radiance illuminating from behind, stood in the void and walked down step by step . Adapted to the light, thousands of believers in the room saw the face of this middle-aged man and everyone started screaming in unison as they couldn’t believe it . “...;...;The former Sacred Emperor Asahara Akira?” “How is it possible?” Although Asahara Matsumoto had never seen the corpse of her father, she was sure that her father, who had a distorted mind and creepy behavior, had already died! Is it a new illusion created by other high-level cadres? Are they fighting with me or trying to take over my power? Thinking of this, Asahara Matsumoto couldn’t bear it, so she stood up and pointed at the middle-aged man, screaming . “Get out!” The middle-aged man gently reached out his finger and sang emotionlessly . “The world is suffering, who can call themselves the Savior? Asahara Matsumoto, your father has changed, why are you still obsessed?” In an instant, water-like ripples began spreading from his finger in the void . Everyone who touched the ripples were trembling and all the crimes they had committed in the past were floating in front of their eyes . Everyone kneeled down and started confessing . Since normal believers had no crimes, so they confessed a few seconds and fell asleep . As for the leader, Asahara Matsumoto, other high-ranking cadres and those who committed murder, all got up and said that they must immediately rush to Tokyo to inform the police and the reporters, then have a sacrifice ritual in front of everyone . They wanted to create an illusion for the world . With the sacrifice of their own flesh and blood, they would summon ghosts in the world . Watching Asahara Matsumoto leaving, the middle-aged man Asahara Akira, or accurately speaking, Hu Feng, erased all the illusions and calmly disappeared . From the beginning, Hu Feng never thought about convincing the wicked and evil cultists . Therefore, as soon as he came, he consumed tens of thousands of fudge points, directly covered the scene with illusion and controlled thousands of people with subconscious hypnosis, so that the cultists, such as Asahara Matsumoto, would have a sacrifice ritual until they got exhausted and died . Of course, considering that the Japanese police may rush in to arrest them since so many cultists were gathering, Hu Feng also prepared a figurative air shield, which was specially used to temporarily shelter these cultists from any outside interference . “Hello! This is the Metropolitan Police Station...;...;” “My name is Asahara Matsumoto, the current leader of Aum Shinrikyo . I am currently having a sacrifice ritual with 30 members in Taitung District...;” “Hello, here is TV TOKYO...;” “Today is the day when we Aum Shinrikyo take action in the major districts and the major towns of Tokyo and will perform sacrificial rites collectively . The world will always remember this date...;...;” “Beep, beep...;...;” The phone was hanged up by the cultists after informing the respective authorities . Similar notifications were still happening all the time . Under the subconscious control of Hu Feng, a group of Aum Shinrikyo cultists headed by Asahara Matsumoto, appeared at various parts of Tokyo . They communicated with the Metropolitan Police Department and informed major media organizations on the other side so as to make troubles as big as possible . At 8 o’clock, in Shinjuku area . Stopping over the police car temporarily, the police officer Aoki Miyuki and his colleagues were having a random chat . Inexplicably, Aoki suddenly saw dozens of people wearing the uniforms of Aum Shinrikyo run over with a resolute face . “What? These wanted Aum Shinrikyo members dare to come out in the daytime?” Repeatedly confirming their identities, Aoki Miyuki immediately contacted the police department to report his amazing discovery . However, those who received dozens of reports from the Aum Shinrikyo cultists themselves in the police station were shocked and speechless at the moment . “Director, can we believe the reports that indicate the scale and the location of those cultists?” Looking at the police director, the policeman scratched his head with distress, obviously not knowing whether to believe it or not . “In view of the comprehensive report by the frontline patrolling officers, it is very likely to be real . Immediately mobilize the police force and go to the locations and arrest these cultists!” On the other hand, the Aum Shinrikyo cultists in Tokyo also began to scream and started a weird ritual in public . “See! The mountain is blue...;...; Oh! The sea is yellow! ...;...;Join...;join us! ...;...;Let’s come...;come on!” Inexplicably, a large group of people wore the same uniforms, shouted grotesque words that people couldn’t hear clearly and a uniform ritual spread everywhere . Soon, many curious passers-by gathered around and some journalists rushed over . “What happened? How can there be a wall in front of me, I have no way to approach to interview?” “What is this? It’s obviously air, but why can’t we get in?” The strangeness that everyone on the scene didn’t expect appeared! Around those whose were dancing and yelling crazy words, there seemed to be a transparent air wall . Whoever wanted to break and approach with any means ended up in vain . “Big news!” “Editor, it’s going viral!” Now, the onlookers and journalists were even more excited . Chapter 74 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 74: Sacrifice Ritual</strong>  At the time, the policemen from the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department had arrived at the scene . After quickly dispelling the crowd, the patrolling officers decided to scatter these crazy dancing cultists with tear gas . But when they launched the tear gas, it was blocked by the air shield! Helpless, the patrolling officers could only ask for help from the headquarters . They requested dispatching the technical personnel to understand and deal with the invisible obstacle that they had never encountered before . The police department also noticed the problem! In the most prosperous city in Japan, Tokyo, Aum Shinrikyo cultists were dancing and performed sacrificial rituals in every district, indicating that something abnormal was hidden behind . And now, an invisible obstacle prevented the outside world from interfering . It suggested that Aum Shinrikyo was planning for something big . There must be something bad about to happen! Indiscriminately guessing, the Metropolitan Police Department immediately signaled the frontline police to evacuate the residents where the Aum Shinrikyo cultists gathered . The Metropolitan Police Department reported the incident to the National Assembly and asked the Self-Defense Forces to assist and intervene in various parts of Tokyo . More than 6 hours had passed and it was already 3 in the afternoon . During the time, the Japanese Self-Defense Forces tried various weapons such as SAMs, autocannons from helicopters, military tanks AP rounds, etc . , but the invisible obstacle seemed to be invincible as it wasn’t damaged at all . The news reporters now played a vital role as all kinds of bizarre news headlines began to appear on the Japanese Internet . “The police department commissioner secretly revealed that the Aum Shinrikyo cultists appearing at the various towns in Tokyo are undergoing sacrificial rituals!” “Foaming, but no one stops! Having the ritual for more than 6 hours under the scorching sun . What is the plan of the Aum Shinrikyo?” “The senior religious expert Huai Ren now analyzes the comprehensive past of Aum Shinrikyo!” “Why can’t the police and the Self-Defense Forces deal with the Aum Shinrikyo cultists? This program will tell you about the cultists and the invisible magical obstacle!” Some even took a close-up video of the dance of the Aum Shinrikyo cultists and uploaded it to Twitter and YouTube, which caused numerous netizens from all over the world to become suspicious . The word ‘sacrifice ritual’, for the first time, became widely known to netizens across the world . On the Internet, some netizens considered that since they were cultists, they thus had abnormal brains, which justified their weird dance . Some well-informed netizens speculated that since it was called the ‘sacrifice ritual’, it must be related to the evil spirits believed by Aum Shinrikyo . Did these cultists intend to sacrifice themselves and summon evil spirits to Japan? Some funny netizens felt the ritual cool at first glance! Commenting on the videos, they stated they would imitate the dance together . In fact, no one knew that the so-called sacrifice ritual was just the Easter Eggs created by Hu Feng behind the scenes . Following the Hyakkiyakou, which were widely known all over the world, the sacrificial ritual took over the spotlight and went viral on the Internet, making it a global hit! This would not only make everyone all over the world think of it when mentioning Hyakkiyakou, other famous cults such as the Satan, the Black Devil, the David Sect and the Almighty God would also consider it an important means of communicating with evil spirits, hence they would ecstatically imitate them though it would all end up in vain . However, after witnessing that someone successfully summoned Hyakkiyakou after the ‘sacrifice ritual’, these world-famous cult organizations would become less doubtful of its authenticity, but would only feel that they weren’t pious enough and weren’t able to dance for more than 6 hours without resting like the mad Aum Shinrikyo cultists . “It’s about time . ” Hu Feng, who witnessed all this behind the scenes, hit upon an idea . Suddenly, in various towns and districts of Tokyo, the Aum Shinrikyo cultists stared by the reporters under the protection of the air shield behind the police line fainted out one after another, as if they couldn’t bare the exhaustion . In fact, Hu Feng dismissed them, so he directly sent them to death on the spot . The Aum Shinrikyo quickly fell down one after another like dominoes . In just a minute, except the leader Asahara Matsumoto, all other believers have long died . Then, the cold wind whistled . The original clear sky was filled with layers of dark clouds, visible to the naked eye . “What happened? Is this a precursor to the storm? But there was no notice of a storm on the weather forecast this morning!” “The weather seems so terrifying!” Seeing this, the reporters who were filming on the spot started discussing . The policemen responsible for guarding the Aum Shinrikyo cultists quickly contacted their superiors to request more police assistance . After all, no one could guarantee whether the invisible wall would disappear once the downpour took place . If an accident actually happened and they were short-handed, wasn’t it possible that the Aum Shinrikyo cultists would be set free? When the scene turned a little chaotic and noisy, the leader Asahara Matsumoto, who continued to dance the eccentric sacrificial ritual, also stopped . Looking up at the sky shrouded by the clouds, Asahara Matsumoto made a sharp and harsh laughter in a high-pitched voice . Under the help of Hu Feng’s control, Asahara Matsumoto’s crazy screams and laughter directly spread to the ears of nearly one million people in Shinjuku, Tokyo, and made an impact on their eardrums, making people feel creepy . “Respond to the call of the sacrifice ritual, Hyakkiyakou, please come to this world! Ha-ha!!” Under the gaze of numerous reporters and policemen, the leader Asahara Matsumoto started burning and turned into ashes with her painful and heartbreaking scream . Chapter 75 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 75: Fearful Events</strong>  Subsequently, a situation which seemed more frightening took place afterwards . Thick and dark smoke columns rose up from where the cultists were originally dancing and soared into the sky . At the end of the smoke columns, light seemed to be rapidly disappearing and the space was also twisted and deformed, as if the real darkness was approaching! It was 3 o’clock in the afternoon during the day, but it seemed to as dark as a night without moon . “Why is it so dark?” “Turn on the lights! I can’t see anything!” “Where are you? Come out, don’t scare me!” Soon, people on the scene spontaneously noticed that there was no light at all in their world . Even the light of modern technology products such as street lamps and mobile phones seemed to be greatly restricted, as the light couldn’t exceed half a meter in the air . Out of nowhere, the thick mist began to flood the world and the environment with low light and low visibility instantly worsened . The mist was very thick as people next to each other couldn’t even see each other’s face . As they couldn’t hear each other, it made them feel that the distance between the two was at least 100 meters . The dark environment and the thick mist shrouding the city stunned everyone on the scene as they started panicking and wondering whether they were actually in the downtown of Tokyo or not . “Let’s report the police department!” Just as these journalists and patrolling policemen moved closer and uncomfortably planned to contact the headquarters, there were sharp-eyed people who suddenly found something wrong in the sky . “Look! What’s wrong with the moonlight?” Hearing this, everyone on the scene looked up . In the misty sky, suddenly there was scarlet moonlight sprinkled on the vast atmosphere and land, a round bloody moon was hanging up high in the original position of the sun, while there was nothing else in the sky . Although moon was also in the sky during the day, it would always be hidden due to the strong sunlight, but no one had ever seen a bloody moon hanging solely in the sky! “Did the cultists have a sacrifice ritual to summon it?” Looking up at the bloody moon scarily, the crowd was frightened and stunned as they recalled what the Aum Shinrikyo cultists had done . At the same time, Japanese Prime Minister Koizumi Ichiro who initially thought that the country had encountered a new meteorological weapon attack from an unidentified country, witnessed the strange events . He almost planned to flee in secret and was about to take an emergency plane to Washington State for political asylum and then remotely command the Self-Defense Force to stage a counterattack . However, after the follow-up satellites spotted no military attacks on the major coastlines of Japan, he suddenly realized that he had thought too much . Inside the Meteorological Agency department, the Prime Minister, Koizumi Ichiro scolded the many officials of the Meteorological Agency on the phone and then went on to discuss it . “Have you figured out what’s wrong exactly?” However, even though Koizumi Ichiro repeatedly asked, the officials couldn’t give him an answer, as obviously they were completely stunned and they couldn’t trace the source of the situation at all . The mist shrouding the entire Japan and the spooky bloody moon high seemingly came out of nowhere! “Stupid! Useless!” Swearing in public, Koizumi Ichiro yelled and hanged up the phone . He immediately ordered the Secretary-General to arrange emergency broadcasts for major TV stations since he would make a speech for the Japanese citizens and stabilize the society . At the time, the normal life of all ordinary Japanese people had also been greatly disturbed . Even if there was an artificial light, it could only cover the space half a diameter, which made most of the public places very dim and the original order started crumbling down . The school began to announce emergency suspensions, the factory was forced to shut down and the shopping malls were all empty . The mist filled in every corner of the world, motor vehicles were unable to operate and there were a large number of passengers detained in the airport since no civil airplanes could fly in such a misty day! After all, the mist would interfere with those navigation aids and the visibility was extremely low, which made every little accident lethal . As for the weird moon that hung up high in the sky and illuminated scarlet moonlight towards the earth, though it brought tremendous psychological pressure to people, it had not caused any physical troubles yet . But on the Internet, all Japanese netizens were discussing it and venting their inner feelings . A netizen in Nagoya posted . “Oh my God! Is this the end of the world? My family is so scared that we blocked the door with furniture and filled every utensil with water . We even bought as much food and medicine we could from the nearest convenience supermarket and pharmacy!” A netizen in Yokohama was desperately praying . “The omnipotent Amaterasu, please be sure to shelter me from the disaster . I really don’t want to die!” A Netizen in Shizuoka said . “Everyone, talk to me, please . I’m a girl living in the rural area . There are some old and weak people in the village . Now I am surrounded by the mist I can’t see clearly . I am so scared!” “Hey! I heard that our entire town is all misty! It’s just too interesting! It looks like a fantasy fairy tale world!” “Right, have you heard of the American movie ‘Mist’? This movie is about a beautiful town, swallowed by a sudden mist and a cannibal monster lurking in the mist starts attacking humans, so that the protagonist has to struggle to survive...;...;” “Will the mist that shrouds Japan be an upgraded version of the movie ‘Mist’?” “Nonsense! I think the bloody moon and the misty, gloomy environment, looked clearly like the famous horror game ‘Silent Hill’!” Some netizens who had not yet felt how serious it was were chatting freely . Chapter 76 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 76: Camera Tsukumogamis!</strong>  Arriving at TV TOKYO as fast as he could, the Prime Minister Ichiro Koizumi ordered the manager to stop all the original shows and then opened a temporary news broadcast room on the top floor of the largest and most luxurious TV station . After the on-site staff settled in, he immediately took the microphone, looked at the camera solemnly and began a nationwide speech for stabilizing the society and the citizens . “Everyone, I am the current Prime Minister, Koizumi Ichiro . I’m well informed of the bad weather conditions that disturb the nation . On behalf of the members of the National Assembly, I ensure the citizens of their safety as everything is under control . ” Though completely in over his head, Koizumi Ichiro continued to pretend calm in order to stabilize the national confidence . “In the view of the low visibility due to the mist, please try not to drive any vehicles so as to avoid unnecessary casualties...;...;” When he was trying his best to calm everyone down, someone suddenly opened the live broadcast room and many of the variety show hosts who were supposed to leave rushed in panickingly, making the scene chaotic . “What are you doing? Get out!” The Prime Minister turned around and shouted at them with anger as they didn’t care of the priorities . It was a live broadcast and now it was ruined . Ridiculous! At the same time, the camera shooting the room exposed the accident live from the broadcast room to those who were watching TV screen and using mobile phones in Japan . Pointing to the door of the room in an extremely panicking manner, a male host who looked pale stuttered . “Prime Minister...;...;Prime Minister, the cameras have become Tsukumogamis! Many cameras gradually become Tsukumogamis under the influence of the bloody moonlight!” The male host looked extremely afraid as he reached out and said . “Their bodies are still cameras, but they have the same facial features like the living! I witnessed them attacking humans and now all the floors of the entire TV station are in a mess . We were lucky to escape on the top floor...;...;” Slap! With a powerful slap on the face, Koizumi Ichiro snarled furiously . “I don’t have time to listen to your bullshit . Get out immediately!” Not waiting for Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to reprimand, the door of the room suddenly exploded . Along with the screams of several female hosts inside the room, the thick smoke quickly dissipated and a dozen tall black shadows emerged from the exit, walking toward the crowd at a steady pace . The Tsukumogamis with faces flickering with red light, spider-like limbs, flat body shapes, showed up in the live broadcast room . The Japanese nationals who were originally watching the speech of the Prime Minister became silent as their eyes were fixed on the TV screen or the mobile phone screen . “Security!” Seeing their appearance, Koizumi Ichiro’s throat seemed to be suddenly choked by something invisible and he couldn’t help but freeze in his place . After taking off the glasses and putting them on repeatedly to confirm that he hadn’t made any mistake, he became stunned and speechless . Escape! As soon as they thought of this idea, it firmly occupied their minds . Examining the room on the highest floor of the TV station, they knew that they would die after jumping off the building, but the only exit now was guarded by the Tsukumogamis . The guards accompanying Koizumi Ichiro looked very scared as their wrists holding the guns trembled . Those guards were way overqualified to deal with usual security problems, but they now faced too much psychological pressure in the face of these Tsukumogamis transformed by the cameras! “Tsukumogamis...;...;please don’t eat me! I am really not tasty!” The male host desperately squeezed in the crowd to stay behind others as much as possible since he faced a life-threatening emergency . The Tsukumogami in the front had a stiff face and waved its spider-like limbs . At the very next moment, the male host was entangled by his lower body and a huge force pulled him directly to the entrance to the room . Unable to compete against the force, the male host was immediately lifted up and pulled to the front of the Tsukumogami . The Tsukumogami stared at the host with its pupils which flashed with red light and he quickly passed out . The white mist visible to the naked eye constantly rushed out of the host’s nose and quickly flowed into the body of the Tsukumogami . “Is the Tsukumogami...;...;absorbing the yang force?” As a Japanese, Koizumi Ichiro also had a slight understanding of the Japanese folklore legends . Legend had it that there existed a large number of ghosts in various parts of Japan . Although many could get along with humans, but there were some scary ones eating human flesh! In the past, Koizumi Ichiro naturally didn’t believe this, but now what he saw frightened him! Seeing what happened in the live broadcast room, every Japanese citizen couldn’t help but gasp and entered a state of extreme shock and confusion . Throwing the host aside, the Tsukumogamis began to approach Koizumi Ichiro and others from different directions . At the last moment before being unconscious, Koizumi Ichiro only heard the guards shooting madly and saw the indifferent pupils of Tsukumogamis which flashed with red light close at hand . No one was standing in the room . In the mind of every Japanese, this was a resounding crazy speculation . – The Prime Minister was attacked by Tsukumogamis and killed in TV TOKYO today? In fact, they were totally thinking too much . What Hu Feng wanted was the fudge value transformed by the spiritual power provided by those who believed and recognized his creation . If the Tsukumogamis and ghosts he created today actually killed someone, except a large number of casualties, he couldn’t get any benefits . On the contrary, the fudge value he might get would be greatly reduced since the population would have dropped . Hu Feng never killed civilians indiscriminately as it violated his inner morality . In fact, most of the attacks of the Tsukumogamis and ghosts only made people faint and the imitation of absorbing human qi (yang force) was just a small trick that Hu Feng deliberately designed – Illusion . The purpose was to focus on the non-human identity, the Tsukumogamis and the ghosts, making people impressed and convinced! A very small part of the ghosts were capable of hurting others, but Hu Feng only allowed them to use their ability when fighting against the onmyojis or counter attacking the Japanese Self-Defense Force . Dealing with the ordinary people, these ghosts, as always, made people pass out and then created the illusion of absorbing human qi . After that, they would quickly leave to find the next target and spread panic everywhere in Japan . Chapter 77 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 77: Hyakkiyakou!</strong>  Soon, the Japanese citizens had no time to worry about the safety of the prime minister, who was attacked by the Tsukumogamis since they had to face them as Hyakkiyakou took place in every city and town in Japan! At 5 p . m . , when the entire nation of Japan was shrouded in the darkness and the mist filled the atmosphere, the shadows of every usual thing gradually became rageous under the influence of scarlet moonlight and a great number of Tsukumogamis were transformed! The old TV transformed to become walkable under the scarlet moonlight, mumbling and looking for its owner in the past as its monoc vision was still on . The abandoned huge doll also gradually turned into a Tsukumogami after illuminated by the moonlight . Old mobile phones, old tables and chairs, old computers, old glasses, old wooden doors, old hands...;...; A variety of ordinary things that had been abandoned were now revived today and appeared everywhere . The illusion of attacking humans until they became unconscious and the phenomena of absorbing the spirit of human was the only memory left in everyone’s mind . However, the appearance of the Tsukumogamis was only the first step since ghosts and demons had also begun to appear! Millions of strange-looking spirits and ghosts started wandering on the streets, beasts and monsters with scary appearance showed up in line . The bitter cold wind whistled, the carnival screams of the ghosts resounded in all directions, and the dense non-human figures were squeezed together . Tokyo, Osaka, Yokohama, Nagasaki, Hiroshima...;...;there were traces of ghosts in every Japanese city . Even in the sparsely-populated villages, there were demons such as snow women . In the meantime, the mist enveloping the whole Japan seemed to become gloomy and green, accompanied by the appearance of ghosts and demons . Out of fear and self-defense, many Japanese shrine members and religious figures bravely tried to stop the pace of the ghosts, but without exception, they only ended up passing out as they had no actual abilities . Without the dispatch authority of the Prime Minister, armed forces such as the Self-Defense Forces throughout Japan still launched operations under the command of parliamentarians and consortiums, but they couldn’t dispatch heavy weaponry and aircrafts and tanks due to low visibility . In order to prevent accidental friendly fire in the mist, they had to be very careful when using those hot weapons . Moreover, the self-defense force’s quality wasn’t great, hence the parliamentarians and consortiums had no hope for them as they were all thinking about contacting the United States, hoping that President Trump could quickly save them from this emergency and send the Navy over . However, Hu Feng had already expected this, so he deliberately set up the mist as a multi-layered obstacle, which not only weakened the firepower of the Self-Defense Forces, but also isolated the inside from the outside world . The domestic communication of Japan was normal, but it was impossible to contact the outside world! Mitsubishi Nakamura, the owner of the largest consortium in Japan, supporting the largest number of parliamentarians to participate in the elections and contributing a large amount of political contributions to the parliamentarians every year, took the lead in trying to call the President Trump for help . Watching the broadcast of the Prime Minister being attacked provided by the subordinates, Mitsubishi Nakamura had cold sweat on his forehead and began to contact the Japanese Self-Defense Forces Command, the Navy Command and other military organizations . But either no one answered, or the call was connected but the operator claimed that the soldiers and officers had all fled . Since the mist filled the atmosphere, the motor vehicles were difficult to operate normally, so they were unable to send troops to station and protect the Mitsubishi consortium . Becoming furious, Mitsubishi Nakamura decided to contact the United States, but he couldn’t understand why the satellite call to the United States was unable to connect even though the domestic Internet and communications were normal . At the same time, in view of the disconnection between Japan and the outside world, the countries which had trading relationships with Japan were also very surprised and they started questioning the Japanese government using various channels, but everything seemed to be sinking into oblivion . In the White House . “Is the mist in Japan a normal natural disaster?” “Mr . President, there is not enough sample data to collect, so we can’t accurately judge whether it is normal...;...;” Many famous meteorologists truthfully explained . “But according to common sense, even if there is an unusually large range of mist, it shouldn’t cover the entire territory of Japan and even the sea . It’s truly abnormal!” “That is to say, it might be a meteorological weapon, right? Moreover, it’s specifically released for Japan! I understand . ” The President of the United States, Trump, who was concerned, decisively secretly informed the Asian American army that all of them had to enter the second-level battle preparation after consulting many famous meteorologists hired by the White House . At the same time, he quickly dispatched the fifth joint fleet and the nearest help from the military bases of the US military in South Korea, the Philippines and other countries to Japan at the fastest speed . As for the vast majority of ordinary Japanese people, they were hiding in their homes fearfully . They only dared to peek the wandering monsters on the streets repeatedly going back and forth from the gaps in their curtains . But those Tsukumogamis had no leisure and elegance of the ghosts and demons, it was as if they were holding a parade on the streets, as they often broke into ordinary people’s houses . After all, in Hu Feng’s mind, the Tsukumogamis would bring the people the most direct and the gravest experience, while the ghosts and demons holding a parade throughout the streets created a kind of absurd reality that they had already come to the world filled with demons, as ghosts could walk on the streets freely . Chapter 78 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 78: Eight-Door Armor</strong>  Green mist filled the atmosphere, strong wind kept blowing and the scarlet moonlight was thick . In the region of Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, dozens of trainee onmyojis, including Ono Sumika, hadn’t chosen to back down, but were facing the Hyakkiyakou on the streets . The onmyojis who had spells inducing landslides, consumed their own mana to make the ground collapse like an earthquake of magnitude 9 on the Richter scale . Many cumbersome demons which couldn’t fly or dodge fell off in the cracks on the ground . Witnessing their companions disappearing, those demons were angered! Demons with physical brute force violently rushed toward the onmyojis, while others with a good control of illusion spells unscrupulously launched an attack to manipulate their minds . The onmyojis who had already discussed the tactics in advance confronted them and a tough battle began . Hundreds of exorcism artifacts were sacrificed to block the illusion of the demons and a large number of Taoist spells were thrown out which exploded as the demons approached . The blazing flame rose, thunder flashed in the sky, dense ice arrows were shot out, and dazzling holy light directly purified all ghosts and demons in a wide range...;...; Although the demons in the front had disappeared into the black smoke with a speed visible to the naked eye, those behind kept rushing forward like a tide that never ended, leaving the onmyojis no time to relax . On the eight-door armor formation, which was quickly arranged on the ground with cinnabar painting, ‘Jing’ has been illuminated under the control of an onmyoji, providing a 10-meter-thick fire wall that firmly sheltered them from four sides . Eight-doors were Open, Rest, Life, Injury, Du, Jing, Death and Shock respectively . Jing was in the south and meant fire, which thrived in summer . Now it was autumn, though Jing couldn’t play its own role on a superb level, it still fully demonstrated the essence of Jing! The fire wall that surrounded them had a diameter of about one kilometer and was ten meters wide . With the protection barrier formed by the burning flame, dozens of trainee onmyojis perfectly blocked the incoming enemies as the demons bumping into the fire started burning from the inside and ended up burnt into black smoke . Even though the demons were prepared, they still kept a certain distance from the fire wall and besieged the fire wall with various spells to weaken the thickness of the wall as much as possible, but some shikigamis controlled by the onmyojis also flew out and guarded the barrier behind them, trying their best to fight against them . Shikigamis were different from the ghosts and demons . Even if they died, they would slumber for a period of time, then revive through the contract signed with its onmyoji using his mana . Therefore, they fought particularly fiercely and bravely . Inside the fire wall, a small number of onmyojis were responsible for repairing the damaged area of the eight-door armor ‘Jing’, while most people had begun to unite their mana and changed the formation . Offense is the best defense! In the eight-door armor, Open, Rest and Life were auspicious, while Death, Shock and Injury were evil . Du and Jing were in the middle and the risk of control was relatively small, but the offensive wasn’t weak . Now the trainee onmyojis were no longer satisfied with Jing, which obstructed the advancement of the Hyakkiyakou, they hoped to eliminate them as soon as possible, so the three evil doors naturally became their top choice . In all parts of Japan, the sudden appearance of these onmyojis did make the Japanese people startled because no one had ever thought that those inconspicuous people in the past, such as their company colleagues, classmates, neighbors and others, one day would stand up to fight against the legendary monsters, not to mention that they controlled the legendary shikigamis, mastered magical spells and arranged formations! If it was peacetime and the Japanese knew that there were onmyojis around them, they might be shocked, curious about what kinds of spells the onmyojis had, envious of them since they could possess great power and would probably fear their existence as they should be subjected to the jurisdiction of the national government, not to mention that all uses of spells required to be approved! They would even be afraid that the onmyojis would cast spells to hurt them if they had conflicts with the onmyojis . They would make sure to stay away from the onmyojis at first moment! But when it was chaotic all over Japan, no Japanese people would think so since the vast majority of people relied on them as they either cheered for them, or sent food and clear water to support them . In the face of the mutual enemy – millions of ghosts, demons and tsukumogamis, the relationship between the onmyojis and the ordinary people became very close . Several hours later, with the efforts of 100,000 trainee onmyojis in Japan, numerous Japanese people spontaneously rescued themselves and Hu Feng deliberately goofed around with them, the rageous Hyakkiyakou came under control . Though the onmyojis hadn’t driven them out of Japan yet, they restored the order . In fact, these trainee onmyojis established some safe spot with different scales in the major cities of Japan through constantly setting formations and fighting against the demons, which could accommodate a very small part of lucky citizen . As for the countryside, it had long been given up since insufficient manpower forced them to give up and allowed the demons and Tsukumogamis to rage and absorb people’s spirits . It was also strange to say . Though the phenomena of absorbing spirits was just illusions, the imagination of Japanese people had played a great role! – Almost all Japanese were spreading the ideas that you would become very weak and skinny if demons absorbed your spirits . Due to self-hypnosis and imagination, many people who had been caught and had their spirits absorbed by the Tsukumogamis became thinner and weak after escaping, which made Hu Feng laugh . Stopping the observation, Hu Feng looked satisfied . “I believe that after Hyakkiyakou is over, all middle and lower classes in Japan will be convinced of the existence of onmyojis and Hyakkiyakou . ” At the time, Hu Feng became resolute since it was about time to give the trainee onmyojis a greater pressure! Known as the king of the hundred ghosts, the ultimate Boss of Hyakkiyakou – Shuten-doji! Chapter 79 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 79: Shuten-Doji</strong>  By the order of President Trump, the American warships heading from the US military bases in South Korea and the Philippines to the Japanese coastal ports for the investigation were unable to do anything from sea because it was misty in Japan’s offshore waters and it lacked the assistance of lighthouses and the satellite signal navigation of Japanese ports, thus these American warships didn’t dare to break into the misty sea...;...; If they accidentally bumped into reefs and merchant ships, the loss would be incredibly severe . Originally, the best response was for the White House to mobilize the largest US military base situated in Yokohama, Japan, but Japan seemed to be inside the interference of an EMP and had lost all communications and hundreds of US military bases in Japan seemed to have lost contact with the White House in just one day! In fact, these warships also sent several teams with a total of about 100 people five hours ago to the misty sea to explore, but until now, none of the ships or anyone who entered the misty sea had returned . This incredible abnormality made commander no longer dare to send the warships, instead, he kept reporting to the White House to request reinforcements and specific responses . Time passed by and it was already late at night . During the peacetime, Tokyo, the capital city of Japan, was really a bustling place, but today, such a global mega city was lifeless as no one dared to walk on the streets . Of course, the tsukumogamis transformed by abandoned things, such as chargers, mops and fans, could be seen everywhere . At the end of the streets, demons with bodies of paper frogs, teapots, smoke, shadows and blonde dolls were active . Late at eleven o’clock, the onmyojis still had no time to take a rest since the signs before appearance of Shuten-doji that Hu Feng deliberately designed started . The ruthless scarlet moonlight was scattered on the ground, the dark clouds approached the earth and the green mist kept tumbling, as if something invisible was going to come out and an eerie atmosphere filled the vast land of Japan . Freezing wind began to blow as many tall buildings in Tokyo were corroded by the wind . The high-rise buildings with reinforced concrete became old-fashioned tile wall in the process of corrosion and the street trees planted on the roadsides were sharply shrinking, becoming strange trees with claws in a short time . Moreover, the villas were also transformed into thatched houses...;...; Throughout Tokyo, such a situation began to spread from the most central area, as if all buildings were aging and decaying . Although the wind currently hadn’t hurt the ordinary people and the onmyojis yet, no one dared to take it easy . Seeing this, the onmyojis in Tokyo also communicated with each other anxiously . “I am an onmyoji in Toshima District . Do you have any changes in the residential area where you are located?” “Does anyone know what is happening in Tokyo now? I am in Bunkyo, why are all the buildings decaying and aging?” Looking through the forum in the endowing notebooks, a lot of posts aroused the attention of Sumika . “What does this mean? I don’t dare to sleep tonight . ” “After all, before the appearance of ghosts, demons and tsukumogamis, didn’t the abnormal phenomena such as dark sky, misty and scarlet moonlight took place? Maybe this is the warning of the appearance of a new powerful monster!” “So I remind everyone to patrol at night even if you want to rest, otherwise the new powerful monster once appears, you would likely be attacked . ” At half past eleven, an eccentric and vague voice began to sound on every inch of land in Tokyo and faintly spread to the ears of every Japanese citizen and onmyoji . At first, the harsh voice was very fast, even the onmyojis in Tokyo who applied spells that enhanced their hearing sense couldn’t understand the contents . But as it approached midnight, the voice became more clear and audible, thus numerous Japanese people and onmyojis in Tokyo finally understood what the voice was saying . From start to finish, it kept repeating the very same word! To be precise, it was a famous monster name in the Japanese folklore! “Shuten...;...;Shuten-doji!” With a serious expression and biting her lower lip, Sumika repeatedly confirmed that she didn’t make a mistake and couldn’t help but mutter . As one of the three most famous monsters in Japanese culture, there were countless versions of the legend of Shuten-doji, but all the versions showed one thing – Shuten-doji was the king of ghosts! It was never a monster that got along with people! It became a beautiful young boy to defraud the girl as a slave, or simply led a group of ghosts to capture and eat women and children, even forced someone to take away the daughter of the wealthy nobles’ family...;...; In addition, it was very difficult to deal with! At the end of some versions of the legend, it was said that the great onmyojis Abe no Seimei personally confronted it and chopped off its head with the help of 5 great swordsmen and thousands of ordinary warriors . In some versions, it was said that the general Minamoto no Yorimitsu led the regular army to fight against it by the order of the emperor, however, they not only didn’t directly attack it, but spent time visiting many shrines and three elders to gain rich life experience, so that they eventually came up with a plan to offer poisonous wines to paralyze it and killed it . Chapter 80 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 80: Meeting the Emperor</strong>  Sumika couldn’t imagine the power that Shuten-doji had and required so many soldiers to kill in the Heian Era, now they had to face it as a group of just trainee onmyojis . At 12 o’clock, the voice of Shuten-doji that echoed in the ears of everyone in Tokyo suddenly disappeared . With the sound of the earth rumbling, in Ginza district, Tokyo commercial center, the earth began to crack inch by inch...;...; A 30-meter-tall behemoth rose from the ground, stood on the ruins of Ginza district and with its eyes closed motionlessly . The behemoth was actually a human figure, its face was red and had crazily bulky muscles . On the top, its bald head had few short red hair and long horns . Its waist was tied with a succulent animal skin, which made it look more like a horrible evil spirit! Almost at the same time, warnings sounded in all the endowing notebooks simultaneously . When the trainee onmyojis opened the notebooks, they saw a shocking notification . “Shuten-doji- the king of the ghosts, has arrived at Ginza district and it’s now rapidly recovering its own strength . Every onmyoji please hunt it so as to end the Hyakkiyakou! Every second passed will restore and increase Shuten-doji’s strength . ” “If you are unable to kill Shuten-doji in 12 hours, its strength would then reach the peak, then the real Hyakkiyakou will commence with the resurrection of the dead or injured tsukumogamis, ghosts and demons and their true bodies will be released into the world...;...;” [Kusanagi Sword, 8-footed Jade and 8-footed Mirror can deal great damage to Shuten-doji . ] After browsing the information, Sumika was stunned . “We must eradicate the monsters and Shuten-doji, or the real Hyakkiyakou will come?” All kinds of speeches and comments started on the onmyoji forum on the endowing notebook instantly . “Twelve hours? Now it’s all misty . Not only the planes cannot take off, but the city is full of ghosts, we can’t even get to Tokyo from Nagasaki! What can we do?” “Kusanagi Sword, 8-footed Jade and 8-footed Mirror...;...; Aren’t they the three great artifacts of our country that have been preserved and passed down by our emperors? How on earth can we get them? It is too impractical!” “To deal with the tsukumogamis, ghosts and demons, we have to prepare all kinds of artifacts, spells and materials in advance, so that we can have the chance to win the battle...;...; Now we also have to fight Shuten-doji, it is too difficult!” Some onmyojis closer to Shuten-doji started taking photos and upload them . “I am near Ginza and I saw the Shuten-doji, who is now sleeping and recovering its strength! It is too big . We can’t even fight it...;...;” “We are now outside the Imperial Palace where a lot of security guards were guarding . We have collectively submitted a handwritten letter to request a meeting with the emperor and stated the great harm of the Shuten-doji . But until now, the Emperor has not yet replied...;...;” Some impetuous onmyojis tried to reach the emperor, but the huge difference in identity restricted their move . As many were complaining on the forum, Sumika also saw a group of onmyojis with strong minds and great thinking abilities posted that they were now gathering outside the Imperial Palace and welcomed everyone to join them . They would meet the Emperor of the Emperor, regardless of whether they could obtain the three artifacts, they must join hands to fight against the Shuten-doji . Without hesitation, Sumika, who was patriotic, decisively signed her name, submitted the information of her artifacts and contact information and began to rush to the Central District . The Imperial Palace was located in the center of Tokyo, which covered an area of ​​about 17 hectares and was a palace occupied by Japanese emperors and their family members . It was divided into Imperial House, Outer Garden, East Garden and Kitakamiru Park . When Hyakkiyakou just started, some onmyojis who cared about the safety of the Emperor, took the initiative to set up a magic circle outside the palace and spared no effort to eliminate the monsters near the palace . Nearly 2 hours later, there were a total of more than 6,000 trainee onmyojis recruited and sixteen representatives were selected . The huge onmyoji organization began to request for a meeting outside the palace . Among the chosen representatives, Sumika was a girl, which made people feel a little contempt, but considering the sequence number, Sumika was far ahead of anyone . Hence all the representatives agreed that she could enter the palace and meet the Emperor along with them . Many onmyojis even publicly claimed or advocated that the smaller the sequence number you had, the more you were valued by the gods of Takamagahara, hence Sumika, who owned the endowing notebook with number 1, was admired by others even though she looked very young and immature . They even called her Ono Senpai in respect . Two hours ago, there were several onmyojis requesting to borrow the three artifacts to expel the Shuten-doji outside the palace . In the eyes of the current Emperor, it was nonsense . However, the number of onmyojis reached 7,000 as 50% of onmyojis in Tokyo gathered outside the palace, thus the Emperor could no longer turn a blind eye to it . If he irritated them, who would protect the security of the palace once the tsukumogamis, ghosts and demons showed up again? After a cumbersome inspection, the 16 representatives walked through the long palace wall promenade and finally came to the main hall . Chapter 81 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 81: Ancestral Artifacts</strong>  After greeting the emperor, a representative stood out among the 15 male onmyojis since Sumika copped out with an excuse that she wasn’t good at expressing her opinions . “Your Majesty, we know the horrible monsters ravaging all of Japan are caused by the Hyakkiyakou! And the source is the demon Shuten-doji!” “Our artifacts have already informed us that we must eliminate Shuten-doji in 12 hours, otherwise, it will greatly enhance the scale of the Hyakkiyakou and all dead or injured monsters would be resurrected indefinitely . At the time, Japan will be in severe danger!” In order to obtain the Japanese three artifacts, the representative exaggerated the risks as much as possible, trying to shock and threaten the emperor . The emperor frowned as he couldn’t imagine the terrible scene described by the representative! But he wasn’t happy to lend them the three artifacts that symbolized the royal family and were passed down from generation to generation . Slightly crooning, the emperor asked . “It’s the honor of Amaterasu that we can lend you the three artifacts to eradicate Shuten-doji!” “But how would you use these three artifacts?” The emperor had made up his mind that he must understand how they would use the artifacts if the onmyojis insist on borrowing the three ancestral artifacts . If they fought the demons with the three ancestral artifacts rudely, how would he explain to the ancestral emperors once they broke or crushed any artifact? After all, these three ancestral artifacts were not only worshipped by the Japanese people, but were also the prominent symbol of the Japanese royal family! “How to use them?” The representatives looked at each other since no one knew how to use them though they all understood that the three ancestral artifacts were very harmful to Shuten-doji . But they couldn’t let the emperor know they weren’t completely unknown to it, thus they whispered to each other for a moment and a male representative bluntly stated . “Please feel relieved, Emperor . It’s a secret art that allows us onmyojis to use the three ancestral artifacts . To eradicate Shuten-doji, please temporarily let us borrow the three ancestral artifacts and we will return them after order is restored!” He involved the so-called secrets arts of onmyojis to make the emperor relieved . The emperor understood he would upset the representatives and ruin the prestige of the royal family if he refused, hence he nodded with a bit of anger and dissatisfaction . “Fine, I can lend you the three artifacts!” When the emperor ordered to take the three ancestral artifacts, the male representatives let out a sigh of relief since they felt that they had already gone through the most difficult part, and the rest was to go back with the three artifacts and then brainstorm with others to get a way to activate the three artifacts power to eliminate Shuten-doji . At the moment, Sumika was relieved as she was looking forward to enjoying the true face of the three artifacts . Soon, a group of maids took out three artifacts [sword, mirror and jade] . Kusanagi Sword was a cold weapon that was covered with chrysanthemum texture and incomprehensible manuals and scripts . 8-footed Mirror represented the “power of Amaterasu” and was literally a well-preserved ancient mirror from the modern point of view . 8-footed Jade, as a Japanese original ceremonial ornament, was shaped like an English letter C, resembling a pointed pepper-shaped jade pendant, which was stringed with tubular jade for easy wearing . “These are the three ancestral artifacts!” Even though they were still far away, they couldn’t take their eyes off the artifacts . “The scene is in place, the actor is in place and the emotional mobilization is complete . Action!” Observing what happened in the palace, Hu Feng sized up Sumika, who was staring at the three artifacts, with a smile . The 16 representatives were highly concentrated and meticulously circulated the three artifacts . Kusanagi Sword and 8-footed mirror were circulated without any accident, but when it was the turn of 8-footed Jade, something weird happened suddenly it flew to Sumika’s hands! The originally normal 8-footed Jade suddenly with crisp whistles from the surface, shined with dazzling brilliance and a little sun seemed to appear in the palace as the light was so dazzling that the emperor and the representatives couldn’t open their eyes . When the brilliance weakened, the emperor and others rushed over and saw Sumika closed her eyes and sat in the void peacefully with indifferent temperament, as if she was playing the Zither in the bamboo forest alone . 8-footed Jade was suspended above Sumika’s head and a bubble-like barrier appeared from the top down and covered her completely . The incredible situation made everyone feel very shocked . The emperor pondered and speculated that the 8-footed Jade must have had a relationship with Sumika, maybe she was the princess who had been lost for many years . If the 8-footed jade really had a relationship with Sumika, he was willing to admit the identity of the Princess Sumika and consider to pass the throne to her . While admiring the imagination of the emperor, the representatives also secretly pondered that Sumika must have the strongest bloodline among everyone since her serial number was 1 . Ancestral artifacts were spiritual as ordinary people couldn’t activate it when touching the artifacts, but a person with an onmyoji noble blood could definitely activate the ancestral artifacts power! In this way, the representatives changed their attitude toward her as they looked at Sumika in admiration . Chapter 82 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 82: One Man and One Demon</strong>  Sumika felt saw a barren mountain ridge under the bright moonlight and everything felt like a movie documentary, appeared in her sight . The frost spread all over the grass, the little firebugs flew in the air, the cool breeze in the mountains blew slowly and the hem of an onmyoji in a white hunting suit, with a black crown fluttered in the open space of the forest . From her angle, she couldn’t see the face of the onmyoji, but it made her more conscious . “What happened? I was enjoying the 8-footed Jade in the main hall of the Imperial Palace! How did I come to this strange place? Am I dreaming?” Shocked, Sumika was desperately trying to wake herself up, but even if she realized that she was ‘dreaming’, her angle was completely unchanged and she still couldn’t wake up . The surrounding scenery looked extraordinarily realistic, she even heard the chirpings and the whirrs of insects in the forest . Struggling for a long time but in vain, Sumika could only comfort herself and began to look around . No matter how hard she tried, there was no valuable discovery except the back of the onmyoji and the nearby mountains and forests . Sumika also tried to touch the onmyoji and even the surrounding scenery, but she could only touch the air as she reached out, as if she and everything else wasn’t in the same dimension, which was very frustrating . After a while, the cold wind became stronger and the bushes creaked . At the same time, a figure in the north direction dashed close toward her . As the figure came closer, it turned out that she was a stunning beauty wearing a magnificent royal dress . She came to her without hesitation and she looked faintly sorrowful and lonely from her face . “We have reached this point, are you still unwilling to let me go?” Dozens of meters away from the onmyoji, the beauty stopped and said . “It’s your destiny . ” The onmyoji answered indifferently . “You should know that we’re equally good in terms of strength . If you insist on making me stay, aren’t you afraid that you will die here too?” The feminine and affection on her face faded away, replaced by a solemn warning and she showed her nine fluffy tails under her skirt . The nine tails were sometimes scattered like a petal and sometimes gathered together . Under the bright night moonlight, although she kept a straight face, she looked very beautiful as her glamorous tails were shining . “Oh?” As if hearing the funniest joke, the onmyoji sneered and asked . “I really want to know how much combat power you still have after being besieged by the army and the major shrines . Nine-tailed Fox . ” “Nine-tailed Fox? She is Nine-tailed Fox?!” Staring at the stunning beauty, she couldn’t believe what she heard . “Abe no Seimei, you’re playing with fire!” Exhaling, a thick mist suddenly surrounded her, but it was dispersed quickly . Sumika quickly looked over, but she couldn’t find the beauty and there was only a jade-faced golden-haired nine-tailed fox standing in the same place . The nine tails scattered and the blood-red pupils faintly showed her humanized anger . “Abe no Seimei?” Sumika only felt that her throat was dry and the simple same seemed so heavy that made her unable to breath . If she was dreaming, wasn’t she personally experiencing the most mysterious Heian Era in Japanese folklore – the history of the great onmyoji Abe no Seimei conquering the Nine-tailed Fox by the order of the emperor? Thinking of this, Sumika did not dare to blink her eyes and quickly looked at them fighting . Different bloodthirsty beasts rushed over toward Abe no Seimei as she roared . “The Nine-tailed Fox was known as one of the three strongest demons in Japan, but your useless demon power can only cast some small spells to charm the herd?” Leaping gently, Abe no Seimei’s figure shuttled through the herd and he rushed over the Nine-tailed Fox elegantly . “If this is the case, you are destined to stay here today . ” The Nine-tailed Fox seemed to turn a deaf ear to him and accelerated in the opposite direction . Even some of the little fox enchanted by the demon power of the Nine-tailed Fox hid in the herd and attacked him, they were stopped by the spells that he threw over gently . Noticing that she couldn’t run away, the Nine-tailed Fox bit the tip of her tongue to consume her remaining mana and rolled over on the spot . In an instant, hundreds of identical jade-faced golden-haired nine-tailed foxes appeared, and they fled away toward every direction in an instant . Not going to chase any of the nine-tailed foxes, Abe no Seimei took out one stuff from his arms and threw it out decisively . Sumika had widened her eyes and increased her concentration to her limit, but even then, she could only see a white light flashing through the air and the white light quickly returned to the hands of Abe no Seimei . One of the fleeing nine-tailed foxes in front of the right side suddenly let out a sharp scream, and its ears and eyes were already bleeding, but it could only cover its head and lay on the ground motionless . Cough! The Nine-tailed Fox coughed and vomited a large amount of blood, exclaiming in an incredible tone, “The 8-footed Jade...;...;the emperor was so willing to give you the national treasure?” “Of course, ordinary people can’t get it, but I am different . ” Self-deprecatingly laughing, Abe no Seimei walked to her side quickly, condescending without a trace of feelings and seemed to be pondering about how to deal with her . “You charmed the emperor, owned a harem, damaged the society and created disaster . I am not going to kill you because you don’t deserve a dignified death . ” Being sized up like a dead body and hearing that the other party wanted to torture her, the Nine-tailed Fox, who had never suffered from humiliation, felt that her self-esteem was trampled! She stared at him, gnawed her teeth and said . “Abe no Seimei, don’t you think that you can slice me up even if I have no mana now? You can’t trample on my dignity!” Chapter 83 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 83: Shikigami of Curse and Karma </strong>  “I still have my trump card!” Saying this, the Nine-tailed Fox raised her tone . “Abe no Seimei, I curse you in the name of the Royal Nine-tailed Fox!” “I curse you and all your descendants to have the same face as a raccoon . I want you and your family to be considered as aliens, as abnormals forever! I want you to become a fox demon from today! Ha-ha!” In an instant, a fox illusion spell was shot at Abe no Seimei, while the latter seemed to be caught off guard and was cursed on the spot . Visible to the naked eye, the appearance of the original human face of Abe no Seimei began to change dramatically . His ears began to stretch and deform, his eyes became red and narrow and golden fox fur began to grow on his face . After a while, Abe no Seimei’s face had already changed completely to a fox-like face! “What...;...;” Sumika opened her mouth widely, speechless . After all, from the perspective of Japanese folk history and legend, Abe no Seimei had no fox-like face in the memory of future generations, so what was going on? Was it possible that the long lost history had been hiding the truth? Or did the descendants deliberately make his portrait with an adult face in order to maintain his image? Sumika couldn’t help but increase her concentration in order to not miss anything . “There is no onmyoji technique in the world that can restore your face . This is the talented supernatural power that we fox family can only use only once in life . Ha-ha-ha-ha!” Seeing this, the dying Nine-tailed Fox smirked on the spot . But as she kept laughing, she suddenly found out that it seemed that only she was talking, and the victim, Abe no Seimei, never showed any annoyance and helplessness, which made her look up and wonder . Out of curiosity, Sumika also looked over at the moment . “Enough?” Looking at the Nine-tailed Fox, Abe no Seimei opened his mouth leisurely . “What do you mean?” The Nine-tailed Fox faintly felt that things were not under her control . Ignoring her, Abe no Seimei held the crystal-clear 8-footed Jade with one hand and placed it on the top of her . He then began to start the seal with the other hand and quickly cast a spell . Along with a series of movements, the 8-footed Jade moved and shimmered! The Nine-tailed Fox only felt that an invisible suction came from the top of her head and her body was sucked in without any resistance since she had no demon power . The 8-footed Jade, which was connected with the mind of Abe no Seimei, flew back to his palm instantly . When Sumika got closer, she was shocked to see the Nine-tailed Fox with its size reduced to the limit inside the jade . The Nine-tailed Fox seemed be cursing and screaming at Abe no Seimei and asked to let her go . Seeing the Nine-tailed Fox unwilling to give up, Abe no Seimei smirked . “Well, it’s all set . ” Removing the soundproof barrier he set on the 8-footed Jade, all the swear words of the Nine-tailed Fox sounded out . Sumika frowned at the side, but Abe no Seimei was still smiling indifferently and continued to cast the onmyoji recovery technique into the jade to heal the Nine-tailed Fox . When the Nine-tailed Fox became tired and started resting, he took the initiative to say . “Do you know why wasn’t I well-prepared and let your curse possess me?” Not only the Nine-tailed Fox was shocked, but also Sumika felt excited to look forward to the answer! However, the Nine-tailed Fox sneered . “Abe no Seimei, I advise you not to try to swindle me! There’s no solution to the curse at all . Do you think you can get a solution from me? Daydreaming!” “What if I never thought about eliminating this curse?” By the puzzled gaze of the Nine-tailed Fox, Abe no Seimei took out a large number of different casting materials and spread them all over the place . “Your curse is really powerful . You can entangle me and my descendants...;...; But everything has its advantages and disadvantages . Because of the curse, you and I have already reached the [cause]...;...;” Seeming to see her confusion, Abe no Seimei began to explain it casually . “In the early years, while I was reading the secret manuals and scripts, I learned a great forbidden spell – [Karma Shikigami]!” “If an onmyoji can reach the state of ‘cause’ with ghosts or demons and then collect the 49 rare kinds of casting materials, then they can achieve a casual contract and let the latter become his own shikigami!” “If the [cause] does not disappear, the [effect] will not die!” Pausing a bit, Abe no Seimei smiled and looked at the horrified Nine-tailed Fox . “Your curse entangles me and my descendants . For the same reason, you will become the shikigami of me and my descendants . ” “You reap what you sow!” The Nine-tailed Fox completely panicked as she was biting her lips and sighing helplessly . After a while, the Nine-tailed Fox deliberately put on a pitiful look, licked her red lips, and pleaded sexily . “I beg you to let me go . I won’t fool you with illusion like I did to the old emperor, I can accompany you and do anything you like with my real body...;...;” “How do you compare a female body with one of the 3 strongest shikigamis in the nation?” Abe no Seimei no longer talked and quickly began casting the forbidden spell . It took a lot of effort and finally the white light symbolizing the establishment of the shikigami contract was dazzling in front of Abe no Seimei and the sealed Nine-tailed Fox inside the 8-footed Jade . Almost at the same time, the Nine-tailed Fox fell down helplessly . As one of the 3 strongest monsters in Japan, she was actually fooled by a human onmyoji and was forced to sign the shikigami contract with her curse . She not only was controlled by him, but also had to obey the arrangement of his descendants! This unprecedented sense of shame was unacceptable and unforgettable . When he put on the 8-footed Jade soundproof barrier again, Abe no Seimei even ridiculed her, which irritated her and made her turn into jade-faced golden-haired Nine-tailed Fox again and raged! “In fact, after we reach the contract, I can control all your abilities . Though I can’t solve the so-called curse, I can use the demon power in your body to make most of my face recover . ” “Now, you should understand why I just helped heal you to quickly recover your demon power, right?” Instantly, the fox face of Abe no Seimei suddenly disappeared by extracting the demon power of the Nine-tailed Fox . In a blink of an eye, except a pair of slightly narrow and beautiful fox eyes, his human face had recovered . Hiding the 8-footed Jade, Abe no Seimei looked at the stars peacefully and uttered slowly . “My descendants with unknown names, when you see the memory I sealed inside the 8-footed Jade, I will no longer be alive, but congratulations on your career as an onmyoji...;...;” “Drop your blood on the 8-footed Jade and you can wake up the sleeping shikigami Nine-tailed Fox with the power of the curse...;...;” “May you hold your mind and do good deeds...;...;” Sumika suddenly found that the figure of Abe no Seimei turned into countless light spots scattered, as he talked . The various landscapes around her also began to drift away as light spots . Screaming, she opened her eyes again . Sumika looked around but she failed to find Abe no Seimei and the Nine-tailed Fox? She was holding the 8-footed Jade and standing in the main hall of the Imperial Palace . Around her were the emperor, other representatives, maids and guards . Chapter 84 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 84: A Comprehensive Plan</strong>  A dream? For the first time, Sumika felt that only this word could describe her own situation . She bowed slightly and fixed her eyes on the 8-footed Jade on her palm as she looked terrified . Sumika tried to sort out the various information she knew as much as possible . Abe no Seimei was ordered to hunt down the Nine-tailed Fox during the Heian Era, borrowed one of the three ancestral artifacts, the 8-footed Jade, from the emperor and cast the forbidden spell along with the curse of the Nine-tailed Fox as a primer, so that the Nine-tailed Fox was sealed in the 8-footed Jade and became the shikigami of Abe no Seimei and even his onmyoji descendants? Slightly rubbing her head, this extremely shocking information overwhelmed Sumika . “Onmyoji Ono Sumika, you just touched the 8-footed Jade, which made the ancestral artifact shine . What happened?” At the time, noticing that nothing weird had happened to her and the 8-footed Jade, the emperor and others also approached and asked . Looking around at the faces of others, Sumika concluded succinctly with a confused look . “I...;...;I may be the descendant of the great onmyoji Abe no Seimei?” “What? Are you a descendant of Abe no Seimei?” The other 15 representatives almost widened their eyes to the limit and exclaimed in unison . “It is impossible! It is absolutely impossible!” The emperor on the side was also extremely shocked at the moment, then exclaimed and refuted . As everyone was doubting, the emperor to clarify the details of his suspicion . “The family of the great onmyoji Abe no Seimei became prominent nobles after their success in the Heian Era and Abe no Seimei himself is now the ancestor of the Tsuchimikado family . “ “Onmyoji Ono Sumika, no matter considering your name or family history, it’s impossible that you are a descendant of Abe no Seimei . ” When they were listening to him thoughtfully, a representative put forward his speculation in the next second . “Is it possible that Onmyoji Ono Sumika is from an illegitimate generation of Abe no Seimei?” The emperor suddenly became speechless since he couldn’t prove it . “Abe no Seimei was really romantic...;...;” “Well, the great heroes are the same...;...;” “Congratulations to Ono Sumika Senpai! You’re actually the descendant of Abe no Seimei, no wonder you could made the 8-footed Jade shine . You really have a great future!” Many onmyojis smiled at each other as they obviously felt that their speculations were very likely to be true . At the same time, they all congratulated Sumika very politely . Overwhelmed by their sudden congratulations, Sumika touched her forehead to calm herself down . Suddenly, she recalled a precious gift from that her ancestor left for future generations! No longer hesitating, Sumika bit her left index finger and squeezed a drop of blood as everyone was surprised, letting it fall on the ancestral artifact 8-footed Jade . Instantly, the 8-footed Jade seemed to be trembling, its surface cracked inch by inch, and a scent was suddenly revealed, making everyone feel energetic . “No! Don’t break it!” The emperor was heartbroken to see one of the three greatest ancestral artifacts about to be destroyed, so he couldn’t wait to rush over and wanted to grab it . But as the emperor approached, a fierce and intense wind inexplicably blew over in the blink of an eye and left three blood marks on the hand of the emperor, stopping him from getting closer . Boom! Accompanied by an explosion, the 8-footed Jade was smashed into countless pieces of jade and a white light shone from inside and illuminated on the hall, while the smoke began to fill the scene . Seeing the 8-footed Jade destroyed, the emperor had cold feet, but he didn’t fall to the ground thanks to the help of other onmyojis . At the same time, the smoke quickly dispersed and a beautiful lady with exquisite face was standing at the place where the light came from . She was wearing a court royal dress embroidered with sun, moon and stars . She had a noble temperament and looked charming . She wore a piece of jade on her slender neck, which looked similar to the 8-footed Jade, and the jade fragments on the ground no longer existed . The jade exploded and then recomposited?! Unlike the jade shining with faint light when everyone circulated previously, the 8-footed Jade was now shining with brilliance, sparkling and attracted everyone’s attention . “The 8-footed Jade is the treasure of the country and the external jade is just its ordinary appearance . It actually hides an invisible thing deep inside the hearts of the nationals of the Eight Great Islands, responsible for stabilizing everyone’s luck, as well as the hope of the nation . ” The stunning beauty glared at the emperor . “How dare you call yourself the emperor of the Eight Great Islands if you don’t even understand this simple truth?” “There were too many wars in the past, so it was difficult to keep the original artifacts . The so-called three ancestral artifacts of the Eight Great Islands in fact have all been damaged, and now you only own the substitutes!” “Do you mean...;...;these three ancestral artifacts are fakes?” The representatives were confused . “Eight Great Islands? What are you?” The emperor was even more stunned since the Eight Great Islands was a very old name for Japan . Reminiscent of the incredible behavior of the stunning beauty, the emperor wondered whether she was a human or not! “It’s fake, so? As long as people are willing to believe and recognize, the fake is real...;...; What is the difference? Didn’t it still seal me in the so-called ‘8-footed Jade’ for hundreds of years?” Ignoring the emperor, the beauty held the eight-footed Jade on her chest, shook her head and smiled wryly, as if she was lamenting her loneliness . “Speaking of it, I used to be confused in the past . I thought that as long as the people destroyed the 8-footed Jade, I can easily get out of it . It’s a pity that it only happened in my dream . ” The reason why the beauty said this was because Hu Feng wanted to cover up the loopholes of the Japanese three ancestral artifacts! Because in the study of Japanese history, Hu Feng discovered that the so-called Japanese three artifacts had long been lost in the wars, and they were now the substitutes created by the emperors to fool the people . In order to avoid the emperor and others noticing something wrong in the future, Hu Feng deliberately made the settings . Chapter 85 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 85: Charming</strong>  “Abe no Seimei, you hypocrite!” “You told me you sealed me in the 8-footed Jade, in fact, I was sealed in the 8-footed Jade gathered the luck and hope of the nation of the Eight Great Islands!” “As a result, as long as the nation of the Eight Great Islands doesn’t disappear, I will never be able to leave the 8-footed Jade and escape from serving your descendants . You hypocrite!” In Japan, calling the name of the other party directly was extremely disrespectful . Except scolding or the age difference between the two was big, few people did this . It was conceivable that the beauty hated Abe no Seimei so much that she couldn’t help call his name directly . When she yelled, Sumika couldn’t believe that she was the Royal Nine-tailed elegant fox in her memory . “Are you the Royal Nine-tailed Fox?” Hearing Sumika talking to herself, the beauty stared at her and the frowned indifferently . “Look at the blood surging on your body . You’re his descendant, aren’t you? You’re all the same!” The representatives were stunned and then retreated to a safe distance, so as to stay away from the beauty . After all, every Japanese knew the Royal Nine-tailed Fox was among one of the three Great demons in Japan! When Shuten-doji appeared at Ginza district, he had already caused a great natural disaster . Now, there came the Nine-tailed Fox, the representatives couldn’t imagine whether Tokyo would be completely ruined or not! “Protect the emperor! Withdraw!” Seeing the scene become chaotic, Sumika was busy persuading people not to panic . “Don’t be afraid, she’s the Royal Nine-tailed Fox, the shikigami that my ancestor Abe no Seimei left for me! We are on the same team!” Sumika vaguely felt that she understood the true meaning of the prompts on the endowing notebook . The so-called prompts – [Three major ancestral artifacts can cause huge damage to the Shuten-doji] . In fact, it was precisely to say that the Nine- tailed Fox sealed inside the 8-footed Jade could become her shikigami, providing a great boost for fighting against the Shuten-doji! Hitting upon various ideas on her mind, Sumika quickly introduced what she just dreamt of to the emperor Akihito and others . Of course, she hid the part that her ancestor cast the forbidden spell along with the curse . While Sumika was explaining, the Royal Nine-tailed Fox stayed in the main hall of the palace, but she didn’t hesitate to occupy the throne of the emperor, ordered the maids to send a variety of fruits, lay on the throne lazily, and started eating the grapes with her slender fingers . Though there was no demon power leaking and she didn’t cast any charm magic, every move of the Nine-tailed Fox attracted everyone’s attention, not only making them unable to take their eyes off her, but also exuded a faint scent . All men who smelled the scent became embarrassed by different degrees based on their willpower and self-control, some pretended to talk to others but always peeped from all angles, some had an erection so that they could only find a place to sit down to cover it up, and some lustful guards with weak self-control even couldn’t wait to drop their weapons and rush toward Nine-tailed Fox crazily, hoping to have sex with her immediately . “Get lost!” The Nine-tailed Fox uttered and knocked down all the erotic men rushing toward her . They fell off more than a dozen meters away as many broke their legs and kept screaming . On the other side, the emperor kept reciting the chaotic sentence ‘lust is a scraping steel knife, woman is a tiger, and she is a fox’, to forcibly avoid himself from looking at the Nine-tailed Fox and think about other stuff as much as possible . The three ancestral artifacts were still safe, and the onmyojis also found the shikigami that Abe no Seimei had arranged, so that he could finally relax his mind and not be worried about Japan’s safety . As for the identity of Sumika, the emperor decisively vetoed the idea to secretly collect the DNA of Sumika and the Tsuchimikado family for a gene verification since now that the 8-footed Jade had reacted and the sealed Royal Nine-tailed had showed up, he shouldn’t be a bad guy and insist on questioning Sumika’s identity . It not only provided no benefit, it would also offend a very promising onmyoji . After all, even if he really did the gene verification, what else could he do? If the DNA of Sumika was consistent with that of the Tsuchimikado family, it would be fine . However, assuming that the two were inconsistent, didn’t it show that the Tsuchimikado family were no longer real descendants of Abe no Seimei? Instead, he would offend the politician consortium of the Tsuchimikado family . Considering the pros and cons, the emperor no longer struggled with this idea . Because of the mana in their bodies, the 15 onmyojis had the inhibition, way superior to ordinary people . They controlled themselves to concentrate on listening to Sumika and tried not to pay attention to the Nine-tailed Fox After understanding all the details, all of them were ecstatic and praised at Abe no Seimei as he had organized a perfect plan to turn the Royal Nine-tailed Fox into their helper . As the Royal Nine-tailed Fox could confront the Shuten-doji face-to-face, the onmyojis could assist her, they would naturally be able to eradicate the Shuten-doji and end the catastrophe in all parts of Japan! Pondering, the emperor took the initiative to talk to Sumika . “Onmyoji One Sumika, since you are a descendant of the great onmyoji Abe no Seimei and now have obtained the power of the powerful shikigami, please go ahead to eradicate the Shuten-doji and save the Japanese people!” “Please rest assured, Emperor, this is our responsibility . ” Greeting, the representatives seemed to have seen the beautiful picture of the dead Shuten-doji and the end of the Hyakkiyakou, so all of them answered him energetically . But at the moment, from the throne of the main hall, there came a ridiculous questioning female voice . Chapter 86 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 86: New Function!</strong>  “Don’t jinx it!” “In the past, your ancestors couldn’t even control me to fight for them like the ordinary shikigamis!” “You? You’re just a trainee onmyoji . I am afraid that you can only cast few spells now . And you dare to try to enslave me? Interesting!” Sumika and others heard her voice and saw the Nine-tailed Fox sneering . Sumika wanted to refute at first, but she was busy activating the contract between the master and the shikigami . It was very embarrassing that her faint mana and power was totally unable to order the Nine-tailed Fox . “What can you do?” Sensing the shikigami contract was activated, the Nine-tailed Fox gently picked up the hair from near the ear, slowly straightened up and said proudly with her arms akimbo . “What else can you do? Ha-ha!” Gasping violently, Sumika didn’t look good since she forcibly activated the shikigami contract, which undoubtedly brought heavy pressure due to the gap between their strengths and levels . In the horrified eyes of others, the face of Sumika had changed dramatically . In a blink of an eye, she had furry golden ears, a black fox-like nose and long, narrow eyes . Sumika became a fox! The people around her exclaimed, Sumika waved her hands and comforted them . “It’s not a big deal . It’s just a contract with the nine-tailed fox . Though I look like a fox now, I’m still a normal human . Not so good . ” Since Sumika did not care, others turned to ask her whether she could perfectly control the Nine-tailed Fox, ordering the latter to fight against the Shuten-doji . Helplessly shaking her head, Sumika smiled wryly . “I really want to control her, but like she said, the gap between us is too large . ” The emperor and other representatives also became helpless . “However, I still have an idea!” As if recalling something, the two furry ears on the top of her head shook and she jumped up in surprise . “Although I can’t force the Nine-tailed Fox, I might be able to extract her demon power and borrow her magical spells...;...;” Sumika muttered happily . Giving it a try, Sumika began to extract her demon power little by little with the shikigami contract . As she perceived, a foreign force different from her own mana flowed into her internal system from the void and it felt slightly cold when it flowed throughout the body, allowing Sumika to control it . At the same time, the endowing notebook that she had bound with her soul also became hot . Quickly opening the notebook, a picture of the shikigami of the jade-faced golden-haired Royal Nine-tailed fox followed by the data of all other aspects of the shikigami caught her attention . Shikigami name: Jade-faced Golden-haired Royal Nine-tailed fox Nickname: No Race: Qingqiu Fox Trait: ??? Experience: 1300 years of hard work Grade: Level 10 Talented supernatural powers: fascination, illusion, charming eyes Skills and Spells: Fraudulent Foxfire, Charming voice, Moonlight, avatars Current control: 1% ! ! ! [The difference between the master and the shikigami is too large to deeply control] “It doesn’t matter! With her demon power and various magical spells, I am the Nine-tailed Fox . ” Cheering herself up, Sumika became energetic . As she extracted the demon power, her face quickly recovered and only her ears and chin retained some fox characteristics, which made her inexplicably charming . Considering that it was necessary to eradicate the Shuten-doji in 12 hours, Sumika immediately told all the representatives that she wished to borrow the demon power and magical spell of the Nine-tailed Fox to fight against the Shuten-doji personally! Although this idea didn’t sound good, the other onmyojis couldn’t find a better way . Everyone quickly bid farewell to the emperor, returned with the Kusanagi Sword and 8-footed Mirror and headed to Ginza District, ready to fight against the Shuten-doji under her lead . As for the emperor Akihito, he really didn’t want to be in the same room with the Nine-tailed Fox, but he didn’t dare to ask her for the 8-footed Jade tied to her chest . After ordering to put away the Kusanagi Sword and 8-footed Mirror, the emperor also reminded the court maids to serve the Nine-tailed Fox and fled with their family to rush to the nearest safe spot where the onmyojis gathered . “Under the gaze of others, the battle between onmyojis and the Shuten-doji finally commences . ” Satisfiedly nodding, Hu Feng smiled and asked the system . “Can you make sure that the plan will be carried out smoothly?” The system confirmed . Speaking of it, Hu Feng consumed six-figure fudge points to visualize the creation of these two monsters and handed over to the system for control . After all, it was conceivable that the Shuten-doji and the Nine-tailed Fox were different in terms of their experience, memory habits and expressions . If Hu Feng himself controlled then, it would inevitably make the people aware of there being something wrong . For example, why were the fighting style and the expressions of the Shuten-doji and the Nine-tailed Fox extremely similar? It could not be ignored by the world temporarily, but it would eventually be full of flaws and contradictions . What’s more, Hu Feng planned to set up the myths and legends in other countries in the future, if he left Japan and paid attention on other countries, wouldn’t the Nine-tailed Fox he controlled in Japan stop moving? So after consideration, he had already consumed an extra million fudge points a long time ago and added a new function to control everything that he had created and visualized . The current system, acting as a global server and the demons he created were equivalent to NPCs, occupying a very small part of the computing resources of the system to make sure that their behaviors would look realistic . Hu Feng had already decided that if there was any new mythical character he needed to create in the future, all of them would be created and then handed over to the system for control, guaranteeing that these people could act in front of everyone and making them believe in the existence of different supernatural forces . As for the endowing notebooks, it could also be handed over for the system to control . Even if the Hyakkiyakou was over, the system could make some small-scale incidents of ghosts, demons and tsukumogamis happened in Japan . After all, if there was no villain, why would the Japanese people need such protection from the onmyojis? How could it provide him the fudge points in the future if he left Japan? Chapter 87 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 87: Osaka Castle</strong>  After leaving the Imperial Palace, the 16 onmyojis began to rally the other onmyojis and announced that Sumika was actually a descendant of the Great Onmyoji Abe no Seimei, and was able to cast various spells with the ancestral shikigami Royal Nine-tailed Fox, trying to enhance their morale before the war . Witnessing Sumika’s long, narrow chin and furry ears, thousands of onmyoji gathered there were shocked and surprised as they were instantly convinced . It turned out that these onmyojis were still worried that they were in a weak position and the battle was destined to be a disaster, hence some couldn’t help but want to sneak away before the war and some even planned to retain their strength when fighting in case that they had the opportunity to hide...;...; However, hearing that the famous female onmyoji Ono Sumika, who ranked number 1 and was actually a descendant of Abe no Seimei, even had the powerful shikigami Royal Nine-tailed Fox, they morale suddenly increased as some even took the initiative to serve as the vanguard team and fight under the leadership of Sumika! “We now have a high morale and we must make full use of it . If we cannot completely eliminate the Shuten-doji within 12 hours, the consequences will be disastrous . ” “Hurry up, let’s go!” After representatives negotiated, they decided to divide the team to the front, middle and rear army . First, they picked out the most combat efficient ones and set up a vanguard team, which was led by Sumika and heading toward Ginza District . Then, they picked out half of the onmyojis with normal combat skills from the remaining staff and set up the substitute force . If the casualties of the vanguard team were too large, they would be supplemented by the substitute force . For the rest of the onmyojis who were not good at fighting or had auxiliary spells, were recruited into the rear army . The existence of the rear army could guaranteed that the army wouldn’t be besieged and they would also serve as medical personnel on the field at critical times to save the wounded . Ginza was divided into Area 1 to Area 8, with a total length of about one kilometer, which was a major business district in the central district of Tokyo, Japan . It was filled with high-end shops and entertainment centers and was known as the heart of Tokyo . At the same time, Ginza was also among one of the world’s third most bustling centers, along with the Champs Elysées in Paris and the Fifth Avenue in New York . But now it was different since the originally prosperous Central District now had become a ghost town . Not only no living personnel could be seen, but under the scarlet moonlight, white bones and all kinds of strange ghosts and demons were wandering everywhere . In the middle, a huge and weird building towered into the sky . Everyone could see at a single glance that this was by no means an ordinary thing since it didn’t have any supporting foundation as it was suspended in the air! On the huge walls resembling a square, the ghosts and demons with green faces and fangs were patrolling . Inside the walls, there were high castles, arrow towers and lookout towers...;...;and a magnificent mansion located in the center . Sumika and others could see clearly that a giant eye-catching, unmoving giant was sitting inside the magnificent mansion . This giant’s face was blood-red and he seemed masculine . There were horns and some messy red short hair on his head . His waist was tied with a scented animal skin...;...; He was extremely similar to the introduction of the Shuten-doji mentioned in the Japanese folklore! “Shuten-doji! I can see it, it’s right there! Is he sleeping to regain his strength?” “What is this? Building floating in the air? There are no ladders, how can we go up?” “Well...;...;How can we fight against him? We can’t even enter his front gate!” Not yet breaked into the Central District, they were shocked by the stunning scene as everyone looked at each other and couldn’t help panicking . After all, none of them had mastered the flying technique so they could only look up to the weird building floating in the sky . “Don’t panic!” Sumika knew that it was necessary to stabilize morale at this time, thus she stood out decisively after figuring out what the buildings were . “It is not a usual building, it’s the Osaka Castle! Pointing to the building floating in the air, Sumika continued to explain to everyone . “If I didn’t guess wrong, this should be the Osaka Castle that the demons cast spells to turn fossils into mud and construct temporarily” “Everyone, think about it . Why didn’t the powerful Shuten-doji take the initiative to destroy us, instead, he had his demons construct the Osaka Castle?” Sumika yelled in a tone similar to Detective Conan . “There is only one possible truth! The strength of the Shuten-doji has not yet fully recovered . It fears our crusade and delays our time!” “Time! We need to eliminate the Shuten-doji in just 12 hours and he definitely needs time to regain strength!” Even with the onmyoji technique to make her voice louder, Sumika’s voice became hoarse . “We’re halfway through the time limit of 12 hours and there really is not much time to waste! Please fight to the end to defeat the Shuten-doji and end the Hyakkiyakou today with me . ” Ever since Sumika was informed that she was the descendant of the Great Onmyoji Abe no Seimei, she felt that there was an invisible sense of responsibility on her shoulders every moment and she wasn’t concerned of her own gender now . In the past, Sumika was shy and fearful when talking to male strangers, but now she could manage thousands of male onmyojis and deliver a speech in front of them without feeling embarrassed or shy . There seemed to be a fire burning in her heart that she felt deeply and made her live up to the blood and inheritance of Abe no Seimei, she wanted to imitate her ancestor to crusade against the Shuten-doji . No one actually forced her to do anything, but she just felt that she was responsible by herself . As if inspired and moved by her emotions, many onmyojis on the scene had tears welling up in their eyes . They took off the black crowns, wiped them clean, put them on again and carefully dusted off the white hunting suits . Everyone knew that ordinary people could retreat, but they were onmyojis who mastered their extraordinary powers, so they must not and couldn’t fall back . Chapter 88 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 88: Men Will Be My Food!</strong>  From the beginning to the end, Hu Feng, who overlooked everything, couldn’t help but start thinking about his debut and to show the public the existence of the modified samurai along with the onmyojis . At the beginning, Hu Feng planned his debut as a young samurai possessed by the soul of Chiyou, when the onmyojis almost failed to defeat the Shuten-doji . He would then proceed to kill it directly and would leave calmly, creating a mysterious image of him . But now that the onmyojis owned the shikigami Royal Nine-tailed Fox, they would be equally matched to it, so it was very unreasonable to just appear out of a sudden and eliminate it! Moreover, it might lead to the position of the onmyojis to drop dramatically, indirectly reducing the role that they could play and eventually harm their follow-up development in Japan . In addition, Hu Feng also considered that the Hyakkiyakou was in a fragile period enabling them to break it from the material realm! They needed a heroic person who would become a leading heroic character, rather than a mysterious figure who suddenly showed up and disappeared . With his capital, he could definitely create a mysterious figure, however, it wasn’t easy to create a heroic character as a leader that would be seen and known to the Japanese people with the help of the onmyojis . Thinking about it, Hu Feng also felt that the samurai possessed by the soul of Chiyou should join the team of the onmyojis as soon as possible, so that the people in the world would know that both the onmyojis and the samurai were indispensable as they worked hard together and finally succeeded in defeating the Shuten-doji! Only by doing so, he could make the best use of the Shuten-doji and the Hyakkiyakou, to leave the impression of the samurai in everyone’s mind while making everyone remember the onmyojis . Under the scarlet moonlight, the cool breeze blew through the mist . The tsukumogami were walking in the shadows, the ghosts and demons of different appearances were hiding in the dark ruins and there were sorrowful screams from time to time . When all the members stepped on the edge of the Central District and faced the scene, they were not only psychologically depressed but also felt uncomfortable . What was even more frightening was that their mana was fading at a slight speed! “Why? Our mana is fading?” “According to this speed, maybe 50% of the mana will be gone when we arrive in Ginza!” Many onmyojis frowned since they were just ordinary people without mana . “This place is weird! Everyone must be vigilant and careful . ” Although she could cast various magical spells of the Nine-tailed Fox with the shikigami contract, she didn’t have to worry about the lack of mana, but she also actively informed her colleagues that the danger had already come . On the ground, there was a sudden burst of ghost gas . As they looked over, a spider web spread over and the poisonous and inverted spurs suddenly emerged and rushed straight toward the nearest onmyojis . “Men will be my food!” With female screams, dozens of male onmyojis who were too late to dodge were controlled by spider webs on the spot . They were desperately trying to struggle, but the spider web containing green poison instantly numbed their consciousness, making them dead, unmoving living people . Even if someone quickly casted spells to help themselves, the spurs on the spider web were still deeply stabbed into their flesh as they struggled, making them scream from time to time . When others were busy tearing the spider web, the one who set the spider web trap jumped out from the nearest tree on the street . It was a horrible spider with a size of at least seven meters, but its head looked like an extremely glamorous beauty! Some experienced onmyojis pointed to the human-faced spider panickingly . “Jorogumo! Human-faced Jorogumo! She’s a powerful demon and she likes to prey on men!” “You know me? Then I have to treat you well today . ” The human-faced spider deliberately smirked, spat out white silks thicker than human arms, and pierced through the hearts of the nearest onmyojis on the spot, making people flee in panic . Seeing the chaotic crowd, the ghostly woman was getting more and more arrogant as she swiftly rushed over and left the bodies of frightened onmyojis one after another as long as her eight limbs swept over . “Jorogumo, time to die!” Having no time to save others, Sumika cast the spell with her borrowed demon power, and a group of bizarre fox fire appeared in the air, shooting toward Jorogumo . At the same time, Sumika clasped her hands, flicked her nine fox tails that did not exist at all, and fixed Jorogumo on the spot . All the onmyoji present were like watching the silent film in slow motion, as they were extremely shocked to see Jorogumo stuck in a place, the fox fire engulfed her body, and the eight limbs turned into ashes and black smoke dissipated while she couldn’t even let out a scream from beginning to end . After successfully killing the human-faced spider, the onmyojis learned a lesson that they must keep a certain distance from others when advancing, so that even if they were attacked by sudden ambushes, they had space to escape . As they continued to enter the Central District, they were getting closer and closer to Ginza . The Osaka Castle floating in the air became gradually visible, but the number of casualties of the onmyojis was also rising all the way . Chapter 89 <strong>Chapter 89: Uninvited Guest</strong>  When the onmyojis arrived at the top of the Osaka Castle that floated in Ginza Area 8, they had already suffered from the attacks of powerful demon about 40 times, as more than 100 onmyojis were killed and everyone was injured . Even Sumika who could extract demon power without limits had her mental condition particularly exhausted . Sumika eagerly cheered up her subordinates and encouraged them not to give up since the Osaka Castle was over their heads . Suddenly an onmyoji who was responsible for leading the way reported that an uninvited guest stopped them and it was suspected to be a new demon . Sumika gathered more than 300 onmyojis in good condition to rush over immediately, while the others were ordered to stay and rest and those who were proficient in healing spells were helping them restore their health . After a while, Sumika and others had already seen the so-called uninvited guest! Under the scarlet moonlight, a strange samurai wearing a cow mask, only exposing his nose, lips and eyes, and wearing a Japanese-style armor, was in the middle of the road and stopped them from going to the castle . However, they didn’t know that the samurai was the incarnation of Hu Feng! They could see that the strange samurai didn’t have any cold weapons around him and he didn’t sit like ordinary Japanese, but instead sat with his waist upright . He was holding an empty glass towards the bloody moon and seemed to muttering something . Approaching carefully, they saw more clearly and understood why it was suspected to be a new demon since the strange samurai was holding the glass made of a white skull! Under the moonlight, he stopped their way and held the wine glass made by the skull, didn’t he look like a demon? No longer hesitant, Sumika ordered everyone to cast a curse to block his way behind, increased the speed of extracting the demon power and kept herself prepared to kill the samurai demon . As they advanced, Sumika knew that the closer to the castle tower, the stronger the demons they would encounter, which could be proved with the number of casualties . Now that the Osaka Castle was close at hand and a strange samurai stopped everyone from approaching, needless to say, it must be a powerful enemy . “You want to kill me? I’m just an innocent passerby . ” But when Sumika was ready to take the lead in attacking, Hu Feng talked . A simple sentence suddenly made the spells Sumika prepared to cast rapidly disappear without a trace . Suddenly losing the demon power, Sumika almost fell to the ground, fortunately she quickly grabbed the lampposts around to support her body . “Sumika Senpai, when do we launch a storm?” The onmyojis around didn’t see her attack as scheduled, so they sent people over to ask her . “Stop the attack . ” Since her the demon power was gone, it took time to re-extract with the help of the shikigami contract and though she quietly comforted her subordinates, she was actually amazed by the stranger samurai . He’s not ordinary! And he doesn’t look like a demon . It is very likely that not only we onmyojis have the extraordinary power . The Bushido isn’t weaker than the inheritance of onmyojis . Maybe he is such a strange person! Hitting upon this idea, Sumika became decisive . “I am Onmyoji Ono Sumika . These are my comrades-in-arms . Our intention is to go to Osaka Castle to eliminate the Shuten-doji . Excuse me, but who are you?” Sumika asked loudly and quickly approached, apparently intending to talk to strange samurai, and the others around were stunned! Didn’t we have a plan to block the way behind the samurai and then force together to destroy it? Why did the siege suddenly stop? And the commander Ono Sumika Senpai is approaching the samurai demon? Puzzled, but they couldn’t help but stop casting the spell and follow her . Seeing them approaching, Hu Feng wasn’t panicked or feared, he had already expected this . Looking up at the bloody moon, he raised skull glass toward the sky and a lot of red liquid visible to the naked eye suddenly showed up in the original empty glass . “Just a nobody . Why do you ask?” Holding the skull glass with both hands, Hu Feng handed over the glass to Sumika . “Come . Why not drink it?” The unknown liquid in the skull glass? Sumika wanted to refuse to drink such a disgusting thing, she was afraid of angering the mysterious and powerful samurai, hence she took it, bit her teeth, closed her eyes, and forced herself to drink it . But after drinking, Sumika was surprised to find that the missing demon power appeared in her body instantly . “Good!” Hu Feng praised at her in a heroic tone . “But don’t misunderstand, I am not a demon . I came here and saw the demons raging, so I chopped off their heads and played with their skulls as wine glasses . ” “And you don’t have to be so cautious, just sit down on the ground . All the demons are already killed by me and there will be no danger . ” After that, Hu Feng didn’t even look at it and threw the wine glass aside . The other onmyojis found a large number of bones of humanoid demons and suspected them to be killed by sword master after checking their wounds . Knowing this matter from her subordinates, Sumika was greatly relieved . The mysterious samurai who took the initiative to kill the nearby demons would probably be their new alley . First, she should figure out the identity of the samurai then persuade him to join them! Thinking, Sumika bowed solemnly and asked him sincerely . “Please tell us your name! After we end the Hyakkiyakou, I will report to the emperor to thank you for your tribute...;...;” Chapter 90 <strong>Chapter 90: Jiang Li</strong>  Waving his hand, Hu Feng showed that he didn’t want to talk about it . “Why not? At present, the Hyakkiyakou rages in the country . As a Japanese, you should take responsibility, respond to the call of the emperor and work with us to defeat it...;...;” But Sumika still insisted and kept persuading him . Pretending to be annoyed, Hu Feng stretched his left leg and said inadvertently . “My name is Jiang Li . Although my mother is a Japanese, but my father is Chinese and I am even a descendant of Emperor Yan . Why do I have anything to do with the Japanese emperor? And I am different from you, I’m not here to fight against this Shuten-doji . ” “I’m here today since the Shuten-doji has a ghost gourd, which contains pure yin . I have a relationship with it and I intend to take it . ” Hu Feng has long modified the civil record of the police department, so it was absolutely flawless . Even if the Japanese government looked into his identity, they could only find a five-year-old child called Jiang Li who was missing and his parents died in a car accident 15 years ago . In fact, Hu Feng intended to use these onmyojis to spread the news that he was a mixed- blood of Chinese and Japanese who traveled in Japan to collect antiques containing pure yin before the final boss Orochimaru appeared . In the next battle, Hu Feng also intended to reveal that he was possessed by the soul of Chiyou through various characteristics, the world would suspect that he was collecting antiques containing the pure yin to heal the soul of Chiyou . After all, according to Hu Feng’s plan, Chiyou was a strong person who could rival Emperor Huang, showing that he would definitely make tons of troubles in China, even then he would get back his flesh sealed by the Emperor Huang . Xiang Liu could only be considered a powerful demon after the death of Chiyou, if Chiyou couldn’t eliminate Shuten-doji, the subordinates of Xiang Liu, with ease, he would be looked down upon by the world since Xiang Liu was beginning to rage in Japan as the sealed one-Orochimaru . Therefore, Hu Feng deliberately intended to show the public that the samurai became strong by repairing the soul of Chiyou with the help of pure yin artifacts he collected . After the end of the Hyakkiyakou, Hu Feng would let Jiang Li hunt for the Japanese antiques with high reputation and long history, at night and pull the nearby sleeping citizens into a dream to show them how he destroyed the spirits sealed in the antiques and hunted for the pure yin artifact! In this way, both the public and the government would be convinced that Jiang Li was collecting artifacts with pure yin to help Chiyou repair his soul . As for why Jiang Li couldn’t kill the Shuten-doji in an instant and why he showed up in Tokyo, the questions were thus justified! Since the strength of his soul wasn’t as strong in the past, though he had extraordinary power, it wasn’t so excessively exaggerated . He came to Tokyo because he wanted to hunt the ghost gourd owned by the Shuten-doji containing pure yin . Hearing his words, the onmyojis were stunned . “You...;...;you’re not a Japanese?” Recalling the posture he sat and his wording, Sumika suddenly understood, as it turned out that she didn’t notice all the signs before . “Mr . Jiang, please forgive me...;...;” The national righteousness couldn’t restrain the mysterious samurai, thus Sumika had to beg him to join the team and repeatedly stressed that he could definitely get the ghost gourd he needed as she could promise with her identity and as the descendant of Abe no Seimei . Pretending to be thinking and touched by her words, Hu Feng nodded slightly after a while . “Anyway, if I don’t defeat the Shuten-doji, I can’t get the ghost gourd . Let’s go . ” Hearing his words, Sumika was overjoyed . Just by the way he just smothered her own demon power and borrowed the liquid with power from the moonlight, Sumika considered Jiang Li incredibly strong . Now he had joined the team, which would increase the odds of winning . At the time, the other onmyojis had caught up and had a rough impression of Jiang Li during the conversation . However, since they didn’t have the same incredible experience like Sumika did, they didn’t consider Jiang Li strong and they only treated him politely because of Sumika as they actually didn’t respect him . “Fine, looks like I have to show them that I’m possessed by the soul of Chiyou . I should take this chance or I will be looked down upon . ” Noticing the looks of the nearby onmyojis, Hu Feng thought . “Mr . Jiang, please wait as we have to ponder how to board the castle . After all, it’s our first time facing the monster castle . We really don’t know what to do . ” At this moment, Sumika was discussing how to board the castle with others, but she was afraid that Hu Feng would be impatient . “Just board the castle? I’ll show you . ” Hu Feng laughed loudly, reached out to point to some onmyojis and muttered . Under, the scarlet moonlight, everyone was shocked to witness that huge wings showed up in the shadows of everyone and everyone flew straight toward the castle . Chiyou was the common leader of the tribe with the ‘Cow Totem’ and the ‘Bird Totem’ . Hu Feng believed that as long as the Japanese government asked these onmyojis about his weird features and magical power, they would definitely think of Chiyou . In the sky, cold air and wind swept across their faces and some weak onmyojis could not help but cough, but even so, they now all treated Jiang Li in awe . The samurai must be way stronger than us, no wonder Ono Sumika Senpai always treats him politely . Chapter 91 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 91: Wind Monsters</strong>  Flying towards the Osaka Castle, Hu Feng, Sumika and others landed on the outer perimeter wall . At the same time, the ghosts who were responsible for patrolling around the walls were also alarmed by outsiders . Naked ghosts with green faces and fangs carried their flashing swords, iron axes, maces and other weapons, roared and rushed over to fight . Sumika was worried about how much strength the Shuten-doji had restored in the most central part of the Osaka Castle . She ordered more than 90% of the onmyojis to stay and deal with these ghosts . Then, she and others tried to go all the way towards the central part of the castle . Although there were lots of demons along the way, Hu Feng didn’t even have to bother since they were all overwhelmed by the spell of the onmyojis . It took about half an hour for Hu Feng and more than 600 onmyojis to reach the magnificent palace located at the center of the castle . In the front of the splendid palace, the two faced red doors were locked . Three identical weasels with sickle-shaped forelimbs were standing upright like humans in front of the palace . An onmyoji mistakenly thought that the three demons were ordinary, so he came up with a stack of Taoist spells, but with just a whirlwind, the onmyoji’s head had a cut on the spot! The three weasels were still standing still, but their sickle-shaped forelimbs were already stained with blood . “So fast! I could hardly see what happened! Ah, I remember! They are Kamaitachis, the wind monsters . And they often come in a group of three together...;...;” Sumika desperately recalled the names of the ghosts in her mind and muttered as she was really shocked . The onmyojis around her instantly fell back and kept casting spells to shelter themselves, showing that they were afraid to confront the so-called wind monsters . “Step back, I can handle it . ” Hu Feng stood in the same place and looked at the 3 Kamaitachis quietly . Being stared at by him, the originally fearless Kamaitachis looked panicked, took a deep breath, and the one in the middle slowly wiped off the blood on his forelimbs, looking straight at Hu Feng . “My master is the Shuten-doji . I’m Sasaki Taro . I was ordered by my master to guard here and kill anyone who dares to come!” “I’m Sasaki Jiro!” “I’m Sasaki Saburo!” “No one is allowed to step in!” The other two Kamaitachis repeated . Hu Feng did not say anything, but reached out to his back, though there was nothing . Seeing this, everyone was doubtful and couldn’t help but widen their eyes to focus on his next move . Extremely unexpected! A three-foot-long long blade covered with red light, seemed to be burning with fire, engraved with mysterious manuals suddenly appeared in his hand . “The name of this blade is Suzaku . There are two blades, male and female . The one I’m holding now is the Male Suzaku . ” Hu Feng touched the blade . The three-foot-long blade suddenly flashed with red bright radiance and a loud chirping resounded in all directions . Though the onmyojis were dozens of meters away from Jiang Li, they could still feel the rolling heat wave in front which seemed to be from a volcanic magma . The three Kamaitachis lowered their bodies and shouted in unison as if they also felt the danger . “We have no way to retreat . For the family . Today, we fight for our loyalty!” Suddenly they became confident, blood-red light shone on their bodies and the air seemed to be filled with thick bloody smell, making people want to stay away from them . The onmyojis with weak willpower could not help but faint as if they saw bloody corpses . Without any delay, the three Kamaitachis attacked Jiang Li from three different directions at the same time in a thousandth of a second . Like an unrivaled avalanche, their forelimbs overwhelmed as if doomsday drowned everything . Hu Feng didn’t talk anymore from beginning to end . Flames began to ignite on the Suzaku blade in his hands, the blade quickly and mysteriously became longer and wider, the mighty heat and light rose up . One bird with all its wings composed of flames loomed inside the heat . Hu Feng concentrated and rushed over fiercely, as if he wanted to kill everything with this blade . Silently, an arc-like flame shock wave spread out, not only the illusion in the sight of the onmyojis was swept away, the two smaller Kamaitachis rushing over to the blade were unable to stand, and all of the parts from under the necks were turned into ashes . On the three magnificent mansion they guarded, the red doors disappeared and the passage had already opened . On the bigger Kamaitachi, a bloody mark appeared on its neck and the demon power was rapidly leaking . But it had not completely died, instead struggled to look up, and stared at Jiang Li, muttering . “What a warm blade, it reminds me of...;...;” Before it could finish its sentence, it had already died . Crossing the heads of three Kamaitachis, Hu Feng took a lead deep into the mansion . Behind him, the onmyojis came out of their trance and quickly followed him . Although not knowing much about the blade, the onmyojis couldn’t help but whisper and talk about the strength of his Bushido . “Mr . Jiang is really a good kendo master! Even if he was born in the Heian era or the Edo era, he could definitely be a great swordsman!” “Legend has it that the Shuten-doji was killed by a famous swordsman in ancient Japan, I am afraid that the history will repeat today!” An onmyoji was excited to witness history . “After tonight, the blade in Mr . Jiang’s hands will become a national treasure!” “Mr . Jiang had an extraordinary temperament . He must be a great swordsman!” “With Mr . Jiang, we will win the battle against the Shuten-doji!” More and more onmyojis were desperately touting as they were amazed by his swordsmanship . Chapter 92 <strong>Chapter 92: Against the Shuten-Doji!</strong>  As they advanced, they understood that the Shuten-doji was close since the environment was turning increasingly gloomy . “Shuten-doji, give away the ghost gourd and die!” With the Suzaku blade, Hu Feng laughed and continued to move forward . “Everyone, catch up, be ready with the spells and charms...;...;” Sumika ordered the elite onmyojis around her . Entering the torii, which symbolized the sacred environment of the Shuten-doji, they went through the long stone steps and Hu Feng, who was ahead of the team, saw Shuten-doji, who was over 30 meters tall . Red face, bald, short hair, slightly closed eyes, explosive muscles, horns on the head, a dark gourd on the back, a piece of animal skin around the waist...; . . Obviously, it was the Shuten-doji and the onmyojis, who followed him, also saw it and the environment it was located . It should be its personal shrine . On the wall, burning torches were placed to provide the light for the shrine . On the ground, a shallow water surface had been arranged in advance, paper boats were placed on the water, and burning white candles were put on the boats, so the candlelight surrounded the Shuten-doji . Flags engraved with blood-red characters and manuals were inserted one meter above the water surface, constantly condensed with bloody gas and supplied it to the Shuten-doji . “It is so tall! How much sacrifice did the great swordsmen and onmyojis in the past made to defeat such a horrible giant?” Sumika was very shocked and muttered, other elite onmyojis became highly alert after feeling the horrible atmosphere of the Shuten-doji . Hearing Sumika’s words, Hu Feng smiled and shook his head slightly . “No!” “Think about it . The legends about the Shuten-doji were all illusions...;...;” “The Shuten-doji in your sight was only the illusion it created with the boats on the water surface since it hasn’t restored its strength!” “If it is really 30 meters high, how many people it has to eat for every meal? If it really lived in the suburbs of Kyoto for many years like the legends said, Kyoto would have long been inhabited . ” Although the example of Jiang Li was somewhat inappropriate, Sumika found it quite reasonable . After all, there were only about 100,000 people in the ancient Japanese capital of Kyoto, so for Shuten-doji it was impossible to be so huge if it consumed so many humans every week . “Let me break his illusion!” Holding the Suzaku blade, Hu Feng pointed obliquely to the countless boats and said decisively . Though there shouldn’t be a windy atmosphere in the center of the Osaka Castle, strong winds began fluttering when Jiang Li stood upright and clove . The candlelight on the boats was also extinguished in an instant . Without candlelight, the onmyojis could still see clearly with the torches on the two sides of the wall . Like a deflated ball, the originally giant Shuten-doji began to shrink, there was no longer a giant in a blink of an eye, but a 2-meter-tall raging burly demon who shouted furiously . “Who dared to do this to me?” As the Shuten-doji roared, the ground was shaking, and the shrine became dusty, making people cough . Stepping on the water, Hu Feng waved the Suzaku blade in the air and all the dust nearby was burned into void . Hu Feng went straight to its front and said plainly . “It’s me, so what? Give me the ghost gourd and I will let you die very peacefully . ” The Shuten-doji exhaled hot air from its thick nostrils and its eyes looked extremely annoyed . “How dare you talk to the king of the ghosts like this? Those who wanted to steal my gourd never survived!” Cocking his head, Hu Feng thought about it very carefully and then said seriously . “For no reason . ” Not waiting for the Shuten-doji to answer, he frowned and said calmly . “If you don’t want to give it to me, I will take it myself . From the beginning to the end, he talked indifferently, seemingly he took everything for granted . Sumika widened her eyes . Jiang Li shook his right hand and the Suzaku blade was held in his hand . He then looked over, as if measuring the most suitable attack distance between him and the Shuten-doji . Needless to say, the onmyojis were ready to cast their spells as the battle was going to begin! Stared by Jiang Li, the Shuten-doji condensed ghost gas with its both hands, took out two maces covered with iron nails, held them tightly to block his attacks . “Triple strikes!” As Hu Feng rushed forward, he waved out the Suzaku blade in his hand, kept landing blows on it, without weakening and diminishing, as if to show the world how strong was the blade . The Shuten-doji also waved the maces, the thick ghosts aura poured from his arm into the maces, the dark blue net that covered the sky in the air loomed and blocked the three blows . Hu Feng was calm even though his attacks were blocked . He immediately switched the blade to his left hand, observed the lower body of the Shuten-doji and waved the blade towards it when it was unprepared . Unlike the fast attacks with his right hand, the offensive with his left hand was slow but mysterious, making people unable to know where this blade was going and have nowhere to dodge . Chapter 93 <strong>Chapter 93: Besiege</strong>  Seeing the blade nearing to its lower body, the Shuten-doji instantly broke into a shadow, showed up above the bloody flag and the flag was broken as it rushed toward Hu Feng . Green ghost fire surrounded the maces and tides appeared on the water, rushing toward Hu Feng from all directions like a tsunami . Hu Feng was besieged by the Shuten-doji and the turbid waves! At the moment, the onmyojis launched an attack . Extracting the demon power of the Royal Nine-tailed Fox, Sumika leaped into the air agilely like a fox demon, rushing toward the back of the Shuten-doji . Long green nails began to grow on her fair hands, highly-compressed fox fire wrapped around her fingertips and bloomed like a blossoming cherry blossom . Moving gracefully, nine furry long tails appeared on her body Noticing strong wind behind, Sumika aroused the desire in its innermost mind and the Shuten-doji couldn’t move, instantly stopped attacking . Unconsciously, the Shuten-doji seemed to return to the carefree Heian era . There were no enemies invading and it was surrounded by its subordinates and its own family . He had numerous women and children that it couldn’t finish eating, making it not worried about the lack of yin at all . While Shuten-doji was distracted, Sumika inserted her ten fingers into its chest, leaving severe wounds, other onmyojis also cast various spells toward it . As its blood spurted, the Shuten-doji was raged and immediately awoke from the illusion . “Damn it!” As it was irritated, it began to teleport constantly, appeared on a broken bloody flag each time, wielded the maces violently and the blood splashed all over . Except Sumika, no onmyojis could resist its attack . Noticing the change of the flags, Sumika applied onmyoji techniques to let her voice pass to all the flustered onmyojis . “Get away from to the flags that haven’t been broken! It might be the place where it will appear next time!” Most of the remaining onmyojis quickly avoided the unbroken flags and the number of people who got injured suddenly dropped . At the same time, facing the rolling waves, Hu Feng waved the Suzaku blade fast in the air, stopping the water from approaching his body . As the tides disappeared, Hu Feng once again joined them to besiege the Shuten-doji . “Vertical!” Shouting, Hu Feng violently wielded the blade fast . Covered with blood, the exhausted Shuten-doji could only block the attacks with maces to protect its body . However, even so, each time the Shuten-doji took the attack, his wrists shook violently and he even had to move some steps backward to stabilize his body . Staring at him with a furious look, the Shuten-doji suddenly looked up and shouted . Known as the king of the ghosts, the Shuten-doji, of course, also has its secret weapon . “Wake up, my ghosts!” As the sorrowful roar came, except for Hu Feng and Sumika, all the onmyojis only felt their bad memories that they had long forgotten come to mind again . Pain, loneliness, sadness, despair, jealousy, remorse...;...; All kinds of negative emotions were magnified dozens of times, all of which appeared in their minds . Some onmyojis with weak willpower embraced the unpleasant emotions and no longer believed that there would be something to expect in this turbid world and went on the way turning into a ghost . Black hairs began to grow on some onmyojis, their faces became face green, a pair of horns quickly grew on their heads, their mana turned into ghostly aura in an instant and a living ghost was born . The armor of ancient Japanese samurais showed up on the bodies of some onmyojis and they suddenly held the long blades tight . Although they looked like living people, they had already lost their minds as they now only had the desire for living flesh and blood . As for those who had long since died and were scattered on the ground, their bones creaked, and the flesh and blood quickly fell off, leaving only the white bones and the Japanese spears in their hands They began walking at crazy speeds . Other onmyojis had to bear the negative emotions that were magnified in their minds when resisting the offensive of the ghosts transformed by the onmyojis . Under the control of the Shuten-doji, the ghosts entangled Hu Feng and Sumika, earning the Shuten-doji precious time . The Shuten-doji took out the ghost gourd that he had been carrying, grabbed some corpses as dessert and chewed fresh flesh while drinking the wine made of pure yin . Visible to the naked eye, the tragic injury of the Shuten-doji began to recover and its weak ghost aura gradually restored . “We have to stop it . We must fight together . ” Hu Feng said under his breath . While he was talking to Sumika, he kept wielding the blade in his hand, turning the ghosts into ashes with the raging fire of the Suzaku blade . Hearing Jiang Li’s words and witnessing the Shuten-doji recover, Sumika agreed with his idea since she was eager to kill it . With an illusion spell, the besieging ghosts mistook each other for her and started attacking crazily, while Sumika easily jumped out of the siege and kept up with the pace of Jiang Li . Chapter 94 <strong>Chapter 94: The Finish Line</strong>  “I’ll take the ghost gourd . ” Hu Feng gripped the hilt with his right hand, leaned forward slightly and closed his eyes as the surging blood poured out . He wanted to lock on the direction of the Shuten-doji with his heart and end it with his blade . As the Shuten-doji had an instinct of detecting threat, it put away the ghost gourd, kicked away the corpses of the onmyojis around and put its hands above its head . Dense ghost aura was extracted out of its body to the void, as if it was opening a channel leading to elsewhere . The space above the head of the Shuten-doji began to distort and countless illusions recording the ghosts of the Hyakkiyakou began to loom . Various ghosts were not only powerful, but the number was even more than 10,000 times that in the outside world . They greedily stretched out their limbs and tried to look down on the world through this distorted space crack as Sumika could even see them drooling when they saw the corpses of the onmyojis on the ground . “The 12-hour limit must be coming . This is definitely the real Hyakkiyakou! Stop it, Mr . Jiang, we must stop the Hyakkiyakou from coming tonight!” Sumika shouted and desperately cast a variety of magical spells toward the distorted space crack . In fact, Sumika already panicked as she even forgot that killing the Shuten-doji was the key . Unfortunately, she didn’t make any change to the distorted space as it was still expanding little by little and some tsukumogamis with smaller bodies already squeezed their heads out the crack . Under the helpless gaze of Sumika and other onmyojis, Jiang Li finally made his move . He wielded the blade and cleaved the head of the Shuten-doji . Fire! Hot fire! Endless, burning fire! As if a shock wave was spreading out, the raging fire shrouded the entire shrine, stopping all the ghosts from escaping as they were burnt to death on the spot, while the living onmyojis remained safe and sound, as if the fire was only Illusions . Outside the Osaka Castle, everyone in Tokyo could only see the dark sky suddenly getting torn apart by the bright red light, even the thick scarlet moonlight couldn’t be compared with it . Though the Shuten-doji wanted to stop it, when he found the blade that hid in the fire was wielding towards him, it was too late . Incapable of resisting, the Shuten-doji could only watch himself being cut into two . Bang! Falling to the ground hard, the Shuten-doji became completely lifeless . Without his continued supply of ghost aura to open the door to the advent, the distorted space crack naturally shrank sharply and eventually everything turned quiet . Walking towards it quickly, Hu Feng picked up the ghost gourd, narrowed it down and put it into his bag . “It’s over, it’s finally over...;...; We finally knocked down the Shuten-doji . ” Sumika gasped heavily as her face was pale, apparently what she just saw was unable to stabilize her mood . “Yes, everything is over, I also got what I want . ” Hu Feng said in a pun, while he strode away, leaving them only a view of his back . “The Shuten-doji is dead and the Osaka Castle condensed with ghost aura can no longer last . If you don’t leave, you will die with it . ” “But Mr . Jiang, we can’t get back to the ground...;...;” An onmyoji suddenly remembered that they were still in the air a few kilometers above the ground . But in the next second, every onmyoji suddenly found that a pair of wings once again grew in their shadow and involuntarily took them to fly away from the center of the shrine . At the same time, the weird phenomena originally took place all over Japan, including dark sky, the mist and the scarlet moon, and the ghosts, demons and tsukumogamis in major cities all disappeared without a trace . The bright and warm sunshine re-lighted the earth and all the Japanese people were pleasantly surprised to find that the fearful Hyakkiyakou was unexpectedly gone! Along with the warning in the endowing notebooks, more and more onmyojis rushed out to pass on the good news to each other . The vast majority of onmyojis in Tokyo witnessed the return of the warriors, they also surrounded them and went to meet the emperor who stayed at the nearest security point to announce that the Hyakkiyakou had been expelled and the Shuten-doji was knocked down . During the meeting, Sumika also told the emperor the matters concerning the samurai with a cow mask, who claimed to the descendant of Emperor Yan, could grow wings in the shadows and joined the team to knock down the Shuten-doji secretly . Quite surprised to hear the news, the emperor reminded Sumika not to leak the news for the time being . With the end of the Hyakkiyakou, the communications with the outside world had also been reconnected at the moment . Various events which took place in all parts of Japan within a short period of 36 hours spread out . On Twitter, YouTube and other websites, numerous Japanese netizens expressed their complex feelings with various pictures, videos and shared with netizens all over the world . [Onmyoji] . The legendary figure who either served as a mascot in the shrines, or existed in Japanese folklore had become a viral word online for the first time and was even widely known in the world . A netizen in Japan even posted a statement claiming to be grateful to the onmyojis for their protection, otherwise, he might now be pale and weak after his yang energy being sucked by various ghosts and demons! A netizen suggested that the citizens should learn to protect themselves since the scale of the Hyakkiyakou was so big that the prime minister couldn’t escape and he asked the onmyojis not to cherish their own treasures . Even if they started a simple onmyoji training course and charged each student a high tuition fee, citizens would still willing to participate, even if the tuition was millions of yen . Chapter 95 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 95: Reaction of the U . S . Government</strong>  Of course, some Japanese netizens proposed that the National Assembly should reflect on the matter of tsukumogamis and set up three or four institutions in major cities across the country as soon as possible to encourage and support the people to take out all kinds of old things in their houses and trade them for new ones old and old items, since things were likely to become tsukumogamis if they weren’t used for a long time, or the state should provide large-scale recycling and crushing services for obsolete items to eradicate such monsters from the roots! A few funny netizens insisted that there shouldn’t be such a big disaster if each onmyoji was strong enough, hence they claimed that the onmyojis should compensate them for various property loss and spiritual loss and invited the injured and affected netizens to join their ‘right of defense team’, go to the court find famous lawyers and jointly prosecute the onmyojis . In addition to the Internet, in reality, all major Japanese shopping malls had also urgently launched a variety of props such as the spells and beads used by famous onmyojis . As long as people put them at home, they would definitely prevent the evil spirits from invading . The major shrines were also flooded with people who came to pray . As for the Nine-tailed Fox that showed up in the Imperial Palace, it left Tokyo secretly . Despite this, with the shikigami contract, Sumika could still vaguely perceive that it was still in the Japanese archipelago, but the specific location was unknown . Since her own control of the Royal Nine-tailed Fox was only 1%, she really wanted it to return to her side, but she was helpless . After the end of the Hyakkiyakou, the nations also responded . When the commander of the Fifth Fleet of the United States successfully landed the fleet into Yokohama, the Japanese archipelago without being stopped by the mist . As the Japanese foreign ministry officials filed all the news and events happened in Japan within the last 36 hours and sent them to the White House, President Trump was really confused to find out that there were still such incredible supernatural events! Dark sky, the mist that interfered with the traffic and scarlet moon that replaced the sun? Unknown onmyoji group? Mysterious Hyakkiyakou? Must defeat the Shuten-doji within 12 hours? The onmyojis got up to the Osaka Castle that floated in the air and finally defeated the Shuten-doji in time? The humanoid nine-tailed fox, one of the three artifacts, said to have charmed the emperor in the Heian era of ancient Japan more than 1,300 years ago? Did the Japanese Foreign Ministry officials read too many fantasy novels, or the commander of the United States Joint Fleet was drunk and sent me a confusing magazine setting and storyline? When President Trump almost lost his temper, his white presidential assistant sent a real-time file collected by the CIA from Japan . “Please take a look, Mr . President . ” Enduring his anger, President Trump picked up the file and started reading it . As he only read a few pages, he became shocked and speechless because the file from the CIA was exactly the same as the documents submitted by the commander of the Joint Fleet! “As you can see, the contents of the two documents are identical . ” Noticing Trump’s shock, the assistant solemnly nodded . “And by checking the video footage provided by various first-line agents in Japan, we have confirmed that all the facts are exactly the same as the documents . “Do you know what you are talking about? I must tell you that today is not the April Fool’s Day! Are you, the CIA, and the military joking with me?” Wiping the cold sweat on his forehead with a handkerchief, President Trump looked at his assistant incredulously . The assistant remained serious . “Mr . President, I know very well what day today is and this is not a joke . ” “God, this is crazy! Let me think about it...;...;” Holding his chin with his hand, President Trump sat down while his index finger of the other hand repeatedly tapped on the table, seeming to relieve his pressure as he started to sort out everything . First of all, the officials of the Japanese Foreign Ministry were unlikely to provide false news to the United States, because even if they tried to do so, the so called omnipotent United States would collect the facts from all angles through its own intelligence personnel or spies of the Japanese high-level officials! Therefore, though they could only provide false news to the United States, it was destined to be blown, so they would definitely not do so . President Trump stood up and drank a cup of coffee, then sat down again and read the documents carefully, starting to brainstorm in his mind . Assuming that the Japanese officials didn’t lie and all the information they provided was correct, in just dozens of hours, there were all kinds of unusual phenomena, as well as supernatural things like ghosts and onmyojis . Doesn’t this suggest that there are supernatural living beings in the world besides human beings? According to the documents of the Japanese officials, what corresponds to this supernatural life is the descendants of the onmyojis with noble heritance? They have re-entered the path of the onmyojis with the help of the so-called gods of Takamagahara in Japan . As one of the best, a Japanese girl Ono Sumika, who has completely awakened the inheritance and was claimed to be the descendant of the Great Onmyoji Abe no Seimei, has supernatural means to control the shikigami Royal Nine-tailed Fox . Generally speaking, if any life exists, there must be traces left of it . Judging from the folk myths and legends in Japan, did something similar to Hyakkiyakou happen in Japan in the ancient times? It’s true that there used to be onmyojis gathering up to kill the supernatural life, the Shuten-doji . “It’s an interesting story...;...; But I would rather see it in Hollywood and directed by Japanese American directors, not in government official reports...;...;” Rubbing temples to comfort his headache, President Trump muttered helplessly . Chapter 96 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 96: American Area 51, New Nuclear Weapon!</strong>  “And assuming that both, the information provided by the Japanese side and our agents is true . ” “That is to say, there are many supernatural people like Japanese girl Ono Sumika in Japan?” President Trump turned slightly and stared at the assistant . Obviously, despite the fact that President Trump couldn’t believe the documents of the onmyojis and the Hyakkiyakou, but his political literacy and commercial sense of smell made him realize a key point! It wasn’t so important about the authenticity of the information for the time being . Because if it was real, even if there was such a supernatural natural disaster in Japan, the onmyojis still saved Japan, then the U . S . would definitely make a fortune if they could control the onmyojis! The assistant had already consulted the first-line agent . “According to the information from the CIA, currently in Japan, more than 40,000 onmyoji are registered and the number is still growing . ” “The number of those directly involved in fighting against the Shuten-doji and ending the Hyakkiyakou is more than 5,000!” Hearing this, President Trump couldn’t help but immediately say . “Order Area 51 in southern Nevada to send personnel to Japan to bring them back for our investigation . Be sure to understand what the supernatural abilities they have are going on! “It’s best to master this evolution thoroughly to help the mass production of such kind of supernatural soldier in the United States!” The assistant immediately went out to contact the Japanese Foreign Ministry . “We don’t object to your idea, but considering that Ono Sumika is currently the well-known onmyoji in Japan, we can cooperate with the investigation, but every onmyoji must be accompanied by Japanese security guards . We prohibit all misconduct that endangers the safety of onmyojis, and we have the right to terminate the investigation at any time . ” President Trump was stunned as they came up with so many requirements . “Well, promise them!” “The most important thing now is to let the United States study the roots of these supernatural abilities . ” With a little thought, President Trump made the decision . It seemed that Japan valued these supernatural people . Otherwise, according to their behavior in the past, they should had long agreed without mentioning any requirement . In fact, President Trump was right . Japan’s Prime Minister Koizumi Ichiro repeatedly stated in the national speech that onmyojis were equivalent to Japan’s unique new nuclear weapon in the era of nuclear deterrence and global nuclear disarmament! If necessary, the onmyojis could go abroad at any time to fight for the future of the Yamato nation! Although the majority of onmyojis despised the behaviors that the politicians spread the slogans behind the scenes and asked them to fight, the Japanese government still showed their ambition . In the National Assembly, after the speech of the emperor, not only the Prime Minister but also the parliamentarians submitted their proposals and collectively passed a new constitutional provision . The content of the provision stated that the onmyojis are an indispensable part of the Japanese culture since the ancient times . The onmyojis were the special citizens of the Yamato nation . All onmyojis should be registered by the Japanese National Government, enjoy super good welfare and were required to patrol at night and protect Japanese nationals from monsters . It could be said that the Japanese government had regarded the onmyojis as a trump card that belonged to their nation . They not only tried to control them at all times, but also prepared to maximize the benefits of the state in the international meetings at any time . Enjoying so much welfare, all onmyojis must unconditionally obey the Japanese government’s call . In order to prevent the onmyojis from collectively objecting, the constitutional provision also added that in the specific implementation, the onmyojis had certain rights to reject unreasonable recruitment orders, which was the human rights protection given by the law to the onmyojis . In fact, this was just nonsense because when the Japanese government issued the recruitment call, it didn’t matter whether it was unreasonable or not . If the onmyojis really refused to recruit, they had to see if they had the ability to fight against the country . For example, Sumika, who had the shikigami Royal Nine-tailed Fox, eradicated the Shuten-doji and saved Japan . Even the Tsuchimikado family which considered Abe no Seimei as their ancestor had to regard Sumika as their family owner politely . If recruited by the Japanese government, nothing would happen if Sumika didn’t care about it at all . As for the ordinary onmyojis, it was naturally impossible to have such a big privilege . They would be either be summoned by the court, or forcibly recruited . The Japanese government had taken the possible onmyoji crimes and their disobedience to be recruited into account for the future . They established a new institution in the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, the supernatural case crime security center, and hired the onmyojis recruited by the government to serve as the first-line police officers, and Ono Sumika was the life-long honorary police director of the crime center . At present, on the forum on the endowing notebooks, Sumika has become an idol of numerous onmyojis, and the shikigami Royal Nine-tailed Fox was their dream . The Japanese government also faintly warned to the onmyojis that their idol already cooperated with maintaining law and order and served as the police director, others should obey the arrangements of the government . In fact, the Japanese government was too naive . If everything about the onmyojis and the Hyakkiyakou was not made up by Hu Feng, what they did was really witty as they tried to hold the onmyojis as a trump card in their hands . But it was a pity that what they encountered was not the onmyojis formed naturally, but the creation of Hu Feng! In the face of drastic reforms of the Japanese government, as they desperately tried to control the onmyojis from various angles, concealing that there was an opportunity in the future to form an onmyoji troop abroad, Hu Feng then began to adjust the settings of the onmyojis who relied on the endowing notebooks very much . [After the onmyoji leaves the Japanese archipelago for more than 30 minutes, all mana and spells will be cleared and the summoning of shikigamis will be not allowed . ] As for the reasons, those onmyojis ready to leave Japan would also get a response from the endowing notebook: The strength of the onmyojis stemmed from the mixture of aura in the Japanese archipelago and the divine power of the gods of Takamagahara . Once they left the country, the onmyojis would naturally became a tree without its root . Hu Feng could imagine that the ambitious Japanese government will definitely be dumbfounded when they find out such an invisible restriction in the future! The onmyojis who couldn’t leave the country? What kind of new nuclear weapon? Chapter 97 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 97: China with the Pressure</strong>  When President Trump received news from Japan, China, which was also a superpower, obtained the first-hand Japanese domestic information with its own channels . In the central administrative building, a large projection screen displayed a variety of camera records from Japan about the 36-hour period . Everyone in the central government building remained silent and concentrated on the records, all kinds of abnormal celestial phenomena and millions of demons on the streets, Prime Minister Koizumi Ichiro who got attacked and a large number of people’s yang force being sucked by ghosts, many onmyojis wearing white hunting suits who exorcised evil spirits on the streets...;...; Since most of the surviving onmyojis who participated in the crusade of the Shuten-doji were bribed with hush money by the Japanese government, temporarily no intelligence personnel knew the Chinese-Japanese mixed samurai who claimed to be a descendant of Emperor Yan and joined the crusade team halfway as only a few high-level officials such as the emperor and the Prime Minister got the information . “It is really impossible to imagine that such supernatural phenomena that violates scientific rules happened in our neighboring country...;...; Moreover, it was so serious that it spread across the country . In the end, they even needed a group of onmyojis to save the world . ” Because the information had been confirmed many times, the head No . 1 exclaimed after taking a look . “Speaking of it, the Ghost Gate incident that broke out in Shanghai 2 months ago directly involved more than 70,000 people...;...; If we didn’t take urgent measures, once it became out of control, I am afraid that it would have been as chaotic as Japan today . ” “At the moment, some of the ghosts in Japan seem to be completely immune to the hot weapons, which is an unprecedented impact and challenge for our existing technology level . ” The head No . 2 showed his fear . Other central heads couldn’t help but imagine what would happen if they encountered the same situation considering the state’s military power and local police force . After several deductions, everyone had to admit that perhaps the situation would not fall into chaos like Japan with China’s high political mobilization ability, but the government would still become powerless! After all, their opponents are non-human demons with various magical abilities, somost of the soldiers and policemen were helpless . The head No . 1 pondered and looked at the Secretary-General . “What is the current preparation of the National Special Bureau I have set up before, trying to build a supernatural combat force that can stop the spiritual phenomena?” “According to the Kunlun Basic Skills given by Meng Jingyu, a total of 1091 successful national special bureau personnel are trying to practice the Dragon Elephant Waves...;...; Those with great improvement have already reached the 147th level, their physical quality has greatly increased, and their blood circulation has accelerated . ” Flipping through the file on his hand, the Secretary-General replied very quickly . “According to the folklore, these bloody cultivators should not fear ordinary ghosts, but since no one has ever faced one, we don’t know what the situation will be...;...;” “But the Special Olympics Bureau selected some elites and formed a special mobile team with 30 people . As long as we confirm a supernatural event in the country, we can immediately mobilize them . ” Hearing this, the head No . 1 couldn’t help but frown . “30 people? If our country is like Japan, what’s the use of such a small squad?” “We need a wider vision! It took you a long time to establish such a small squad of 30 people, the efficiency is too low!” Extremely dissatisfied knocking on the conference table, the head No . 1 continued to blame the Secretary-General . “Tell Guo Zhaojian, if the national special bureau is understaffed, he can choose elite soldiers from the five military regions to practice ‘Dragon Elephant Waves’ . When the confidentiality measures are strictly practiced, we must also raise this number!” “One year, I will give the special national bureau 1 year!” “At least 50,000 people with 1,000 level of Dragon Elephant Waves should join the front line . Assume supernatural phenomena to take place in various places in China in the future, they are the protectors of the 1 . 4 billion people . ” The head No . 1 erected five fingers and looked very resolute . “Yes, sir!” The Secretary-General left and went to the National Special Bureau to convey the order . As he left, the head No . 1 looked around and continued to discuss the study . “At the moment, we still don’t know whether the Japanese government has concealed these publicly and semi-publicly, according to the information collected by our frontline agents . ” “In order to prevent the worst case scenario, we can’t work on the currently known information . We should repeatedly check and find out the missing files . ” The head No . 2 stood out and said . “You are right, but if we don’t take measures for the time being, won’t it be too late? If the known information is already the whole content, then how can we maximize the national interests if we fall behind? What’s more, if we can study on the source of these onmyojis, it would be really worth it!” As there were different opinions from the central heads, the head No . 1 concluded . “We need to work on both . ” As the meeting ended, they confirmed that they must continue to increase their intelligence work on Japan and put pressure on Japan in the international meetings, finding out the information about supernatural phenomena in Japan as much as possible . Moreover, they should contact the onmyojis who had exposed their existence and tempt the latter to leave Japan and come to China from Japan through various channels . In particular, Ono Sumika who was claimed to be the descendant of Abe no Seimei and possessed the powerful shikigami Royal Nine-tailed Fox was highly valued . To the end, the head No . 1 sent someone to the embassy in Japan and if possible, the first goal was to extradite Ono Sumika . As the meeting ended completely, the head No . 1 concluded the overall strategic policy . “Find out the source and put more pressure . ” As for the extradition of the onmyojis to China, because it couldn’t be exposed, it was not recorded by the conference archives and was carried out secretly . Chapter 98 <strong>Chapter 98: Crazy Chinese Netizens!</strong>  It had been 9 hours since the communication between Japan and the outside world was re-established, major countries such as China and the United States had already understood and adjusted themselves to Japan’s recent strategy . Different from the Japanese netizens on Twitter and YouTube as they only posted short articles, videos and partial pictures to vent their emotions, the news media and social platforms of all countries in the world reported on the supernatural phenomena that had pervaded the country crazily . Many media channels that specialized in exaggerating the news to attract readers’ attention directly issued special news articles and only reported information in Japan from beginning to end . On the online news platforms, the following headlines even went viral . ABC: Shocking the world! There exists supernatural events in the world that have been witnessed and experienced by hundreds of millions of people in Japan . (With a picture of the Hyakkiyakou, accompanied by the Japanese goddess Valkyrie Ono Sumika) CBS: The Japanese people were attacked by a supernatural disaster . The superhero Onmyojis saved the world before the big trial and successfully destroyed the strongest ghost Shuten-doji at the last moment before the end of the time limit . BBC: Today, 38 years after the Hiroshima agreement, Japan has once again suffered a major blow! The Hyakkiyakou, an entity comparable to the terrorists in the Middle East . (With a 3-hour video of the Hyakkiyakou filmed by the British Embassy in Japan) GRF: Within 36 hours, a member of the world nation, the Yamato nation was close to death and destruction! The supernatural onmyojis prevailed till the end and successfully saved the nation from falling into the abyss . Click in to take you to experience the life of onmyojis! On the Internet, the news that Japan, a developed country, a very important member of the ‘democratic and free’ society, was inexplicably disconnected from the outside world within 36 hours and attacked by supernatural monsters, was reported by the media in various countries and in just a few hours, it had attracted the attention of numerous people all over the world . Exotic, powerful and seemingly omnipotent supernatural onmyojis, brutal ghosts, mediocre and helpless Japanese government, fleeing Japanese people who called for help desperately...;...; The information in the news report was comparable to the real version of the movies made with special effects in Hollywood, as numerous people were so fascinated and desperately wishing to become one of the supernatural onmyojis! Of course, all the netizens from all countries in the world had hidden their thoughts and pretended to be extremely concerned about the victimization of the Japanese people and strongly urged to protest against the inaction of the Japanese government, cursed the monsters who sucked people’s yang and spirit . But on the Chinese Internet, despite the firewall created by the China Netcom Office, the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television and other agencies, most Chinese netizens were ignorant of changes in the world, however, there was still a very small part of the Chinese netizens who were proficient in ‘jailbreaks’ and observed the changes in the world . As early as the first hour of the complete disconnection between Japan and the outside world, these Chinese netizens had begun to pay attention . While gloating, they were also pondering what was happening in Japan . Today, these Chinese netizens were extremely shocked to discover that the facts were so incredible and their materialistic mentality in the past was subverted by browsing the information on the extranet! Because there actually existed supernatural phenomena, supernatural monsters and people! Science was no longer omnipotent since not only the devils, ghosts, onmyojis and the Shuten-doji existed in the illusion of the idealists, but also existed in the world! Through the self-explanation of the onmyojis, it seemed that the gods of Takamagahara had already left the world and each onmyoji had a lucky cat who accompanied them to deal with non-combat problems! Fortunately, they defeated the Shuten-doji and ended the Hyakkiyakou before the doomsday actually came . Gods? Onmyojis? Hyakkiyakou? Shuten-doji? Various nouns became very strange in the eyes of Chinese netizens, but made people come into contact with it . These Chinese netizens really hoped that they could go to Japan in person and meet those so-called onmyojis . There were also Chinese netizens who thought there must also be supernatural people in China since the population of China ranked amongst the top three in the world! Among Taoists and monks, maybe there were several with real talents . Perhaps these people had long exposed themselves, but the general Chinese people had no way to know them because of the control and isolation of the national government . More Chinese netizens began crazily spreading foreign news in China, making the Chinese authorities that had been closely monitoring the Internet in China eager to eliminate the information from the extranet . But before they started, a document from the superiors made them feel like a deflated balloon . It turned out that considering that there were a large number of students and laborers studying and working in Japan, they would definitely publicize what they had seen in Japan, so it was really hard to block the news since the number of these people was nearly one million . Moreover, the large-scale supernatural phenomena of a huge scale might take place in China . As precautions, the authorities strictly prohibited blocking the news from the extranet, on the contrary, it was necessary to expand the propaganda, and to report the news in Japan more comprehensively and completely . They wanted to slightly remind all Chinese netizens that supernatural things really existed in the world . In the future, if similar supernatural phenomena really occurred, they wouldn’t be scared and panicked . Chapter 99 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 99: Yi Zhongtian and Science!</strong>  When a few netizens connecting via VPN spontaneously spread news about Japan, major news websites in mainland China received notice from the major departments of the higher-level network information office, so they began to change the background of the homepage to a picture of the Hyakkiyakou with bold headlines to promote supernatural phenomena in Japan from September 4th to 6th 2018, a total of 36 hours! With a summarized title, the following were the details of the reprinted videos, pictures, articles and other information . “The 3-hour supernatural video recorded in Japan . ” “Risking life to confirm . Prime minister got killed?” “Interviewing the people on the streets live . ” “Ono Sumika, the onmyoji who eliminated the Shuten-doji and saved everyone at the end of the Hyakkiyakou . ” “Confidential News! Yamasaki Yamamoto, a famous theological expert of Yamato National, reveals the hidden secrets about the departure of the gods of Takamagahara . ” “The secret of the onmyojis! The existence of tens of thousands of black lucky cat, with interviews of 30 onmyojis . ” “The recording of constitution amendment considering onmyojis in the Japanese parliament . ” “An anonymous person who has witnessed the Nine-tailed Fox at a close distance, elaborates on the appearance of this powerful demon with an age of more than 1,300 year, with a picture of the Nine-tailed Fox . ” “Students in the Chinese Embassy in Japan cried as they were afraid that they might not be able to return when the Hyakkiyakou took place . ” The People’s Daily, Communist Youth League Central Committee, Bilibili, QQ, WeChat, Sina, Weibo, Sohu, NetEase...;...; Today, hundreds of millions of netizens across China were overwhelmed by the astonishing news . After they read the details, all of them were shocked! Learning about the materialistic society by the domestic education culture for a long time had made the netizens feel quite unbelievable and shocked, as they couldn’t help but start to share it with their friends and tried to confirm what was going on . In the classroom, students who were secretly browsing Bilibili stood up, ignored their teacher who had a straight face, and started analyzing the supernatural videos in Japan with other students . In the high-speed train, passengers couldn’t help but call, send messages and talk privately with their friends and family, informing them of the latest news . On WeChat, QQ and Weibo, netizens who had watched the supernatural videos on the Internet crazily reposted the links to publicize it . In an instant, the servers of major chat software were almost overwhelmed by the mass users! Of course, some Chinese netizens thought that this was absolutely impossible since it might be an international hacktivists organization who had hacked all the major news media on the Internet, so that people may quickly started downloading these videos, pictures, and articles at the fastest speed, since they were afraid that the national network police departments would delete everything right away . For a long time, spiritual movies and horror TV series were prohibited in China, even the radio and television department had issued official documents, claiming that things concerning ghosts were not allowed to be published . Under the background of materialism and scientific development concept, it was no wonder that all Chinese netizens were so shocked and crazy . They even wondered why the state hadn’t taken actions to stop it yet . Considering this, the major TV stations began to publicize and introduce what supernatural phenomena occurred in Japan in these 36 hours to those who had never used the Internet . The senior intellectuals such as Yi Zhongtian, a well-known professor at Xiamen University who had hosted the show ‘Introducing the 3-state’, were also invited to the CCTV TV dubbing room to broadcast live to the national audience and explain the supernatural incidents in Japan . “Like you saw, Japan has recently suffered with some incidents that we consider as supernatural phenomena, and the scale involved almost the whole Japan...;...;” “In view of this, maybe everyone will feel that science is wrong because these metaphysical things have appeared . Some even exclaimed that science is dead, metaphysics may rise, materialism might fall, and idealism will grows!” Yi Zhongtian talked slowly and clearly . “In fact, this is because people know too little science . ” “What is science?” “Science should be an attitude, logic and proof method, but not a conclusion . ” Afraid that it was too hard for ordinary people, Yi Zhongtian began to give examples . “Considering the case of the Hyakkiyakou and the onmyojis who saved the world, since the ghosts actually showed up, they might really exist . ” “When they exist, that means they can be observed by us and they are an inseparable part of science . After all, these are the ‘objective facts’!” When Yi Zhongtian looked down at the draft and continued . “Everyone thinks that science is dead, metaphysics may rise, materialism might falls, and idealism would grow...;...;” “In fact, it is very simple . This is because everyone has not clearly defined the relationship between science and materialism and forcibly linked them together, thus drawing a wrong conclusion . Regardless of in the TV station or on the Internet, a large number of experts and professors, such as Yi Zhongtian, shouldered the task of explaining to the public what the terms such as science and materialistic idealism were, because the government tried to make people understand that even if these so-called supernatural phenomena occurred in Japan, the scientific truth still existed, and the world was still a materialistic society, so as to stabilize their minds as much as possible . When those cranky netizens saw the TV stations which represented the country publicizing the news, they suddenly realized that it was not an attack by any international hackers, but the propaganda of the state . Chapter 100 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Another Mistake! Accidently posted c99 as c98, so you guys must have skipped and read c99 . Sorry for the inconvenience . Please go back and read c98 &amp; 99 before reading c100 . </strong>  <strong>Chapter 100: Three Kings and Five Emperors</strong>  Soon, by the strong guidance of the government, almost all Chinese netizens settled down and realized that though Hyakkiyakou, onmyojis and other metaphysical things, existed in the world, their lives still remained unchanged . After all, due to the national blockade, even the information related to the mobile game Ghost Gate and the secret martial artist Meng Jingyu was hidden, not known to the public . Almost all Chinese people didn’t know that similar supernatural phenomena had already occurred in the country as they thought that the incidents in Japan were the first confirmed supernatural phenomena in the 21st century . If there was no human factor to publicize, the heat might only last for seven or eight days on the Chinese Internet, then it would gradually weaken and almost everyone would soon forget about it due to heavy pressure from mortgage, education, medical care, and work . In the end, only a small number of netizens interested in would keep discussing the issue privately . However, with a number of knowledgeable elite users to find the root of the question, a paper breaking titled “From the origin of the Japanese onmyojis to explore the heroes of China’s 5,000 years of myths and legends” once issued, it seemed to resonate with numerous netizens! In the thesis, there was a 1000-word introduction on the first page, roughly summarizing the thesis and inspiring readers to keep reading . “It is well known that the Japanese onmyojis originated in China . ” “In the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period, there was a school that advocated the promotion of yin, yang and the five elements called School of Naturalists’ . At that time, it was mainly represented by Zou Shuang and others . “Later, although the School of Naturalists gradually disappeared in China, they were alienated in Japan . ” “In the Heian era, the onmyojis who protected people and even the emperor from the demons were the important spiritual pillars of the entire country . ” “Today, we have also learned various supernatural phenomena that occured in Japan and about the onmyoji Ono Sumika, who had the powerful shikigami Royal Nine-tailed Fox and almost single-handedly defeated the Shuten-doji!” “According to the professional books such as ‘The Ancients’ and ‘Japanese Records’, the first Japanese emperor ‘Emperor of God’ founded the nation in 660 BC, so the Japanese nationals are proud of their own country with a 2600-year history!” “In the book ‘Han Geography’ in China, there is also a description of the country ‘Wo’ . In the east of China, Wo consisted of more than 100 states and they sent representatives to visit China each year . ” “You can imagine that the history of Japanese archipelago is only half of the Chinese civilization, but they can still have the magical talents of onmyojis!” “We are known as one of the only civilizations that still retained their ancient heritage culture and the only historical living fossils among the four ancient civilizations . How can there be no onmyojis in China?” “In the past, we never looked into the problem and ignored the objective existence that has been passed down from the ancients . Just like before the supernatural phenomena occurred in Japan, we thought that such things didn’t exist in the world!” “We usually, casually and naively examine and comment on various myths and legends, then unscrupulously draw the conclusion that they are all illusory . However, we don’t know that we are like frogs inside a well!” “Take me as an example, I once commented on ‘Pangu’ on a forum, stating that it was just a mythical figure that appeared in the Three Kingdoms period, which was not worth mentioning at all . ‘Nuwa’ was only recorded at the end of the Warring States period, so I didn’t even believe she was a woman . ‘Fu Xi’ appeared in the middle and early period of the Warring States period and I thought he was not a real person in history . ” “’Three Kings and Five Emperors’ are even more mysterious! It was well documented that the Emperor Yan appeared only in the Spring and Autumn Period, but I thought there was a high possibility they all never existed except ‘Da Yu’...;...;” “Until I witnessed the facts of various objective existence in Japan, I suddenly realized that almost made a mistake!” “Considering the origin of the universe, physics suggest that it was created by the formation of a singular explosion that occurred about 13 . 7 billion years ago . Many readers may oppose my point of view, but I still want to say that is this really similar to ‘Pangu Creation’ recorded in the Chinese history?” “As for the ‘Three Kings and Five Emperors’, I think that the characters might not be fiction . In ancient times, there may have indeed been such legendary heroes that had great power as the onmyojis in Japan prove it!” “There are many versions of the rumor of these 8 legendary heroes, and I’ll introduce briefly with the most widely-known version . ” “’Three Kings’ are Nuwa, Shennong and Suiren . Nuwa created the Chinese people and refined the colorful stones to make up the sky, Shennong taught people how to farm, and Suiren found the fire and greatly increased the means of survival of the Chinese people . ” “Nuwa is a human-faced snake, Shennong is a cow-faced human, and Suiren is a human!” “In the past, I mistakenly thought that they were just fictional legends, but combined with the appearance of various ghosts and demons that raged in Japan, maybe the description of their appearance are correct . ” “Then we talk about the ‘Five Emperors’ . Since there are many different versions, I’ll discuss the most widely-known one, namely Emperor Huang (Yun), Emperor Yan (Shennong), Shaohao (Qingyang, Emperor Huang’s eldest son), and Zhuanxu (Gaoyang, Emperor Huang’s grandson) and Emperor Ku (Gaoxin, the great-grandson of the Yellow Emperor) . ” “In summary, I can speculate boldly that even some of the myths and legends that have been passed down to the present day may be exaggerated and not true, but such heroes definitely existed!” “So from now one, I hope that with a brief 680,000-word thesis, all readers can re-interpret the famous Chinese myths, and have a deep understanding of the stories behind them, not forgetting the traceable noble ancestors!” In just a few days, this masterpiece became viral on the Internet and was directly reprinted by millions of Chinese netizens . Many professors in the well-known universities in China also started looking into the thesis from different channels and different perspectives to confirm its credibility . In reality, the tourism was booming in the northwest of Xinzheng, Henan Province, since many went there to worship the womb of Emperor Huang . At the end of the day, the People’s Daily called on the public to think rationally and not to believe the information with no references . Chapter 101 <strong>Chapter 101: Experiment of Area 51</strong>  4 days later, after the discussion with President Trump and members of the parliament, the Area 51, the organization which had been secretly engaged in the study of aliens and supernatural phenomena since its establishment in the 19th century, sent out a team of about 30 people to Japan with a large number of sophisticated instruments to conduct various inspection tests of the onmyojis under the gaze of Japanese security personnel . Though the arrogant researchers were originally dismissive when hearing about the Japanese onmyojis, they still showed their high scientific literacy during the tests . When their ship just arrived on the coastline of Japan, they straightforwardly refused the diplomatic luxury hospitality arranged by the Japanese side, but decisively requested to meet the onmyojis to conduct experiments . After calling for Prime Minister, the Japanese Foreign Ministry officials couldn’t help but withdraw the banquet and begin to arrange a meeting with the onmyojis for them . 3 hours later, the venue was properly arranged, the instruments were all in place, and the onmyojis also arrived . After the Japanese security personnel checked all the instruments, the unprecedented experiment to verify the extraordinary ability of supernatural people in human history had finally begun! Casting onmyoji techniques, painting the summoning circle of shikigamis, holding the Buddha’s curse and clearing the body, cinnabar making...;...; . After all kinds of tests, the results of the experiment naturally showed that the onmyojis weren’t swindlers, but were extraordinary people with unbelievable power, which really shocked all the researchers! But here came a new problem . According to information collected by the American agents, the king of ghosts that showed up in Ginza, the Shuten-doji, was 30 meters tall, so how did they defeat such a giant even though they were capable? In view of this, they began to interrogate all the surviving onmyojis who participated in the crusade of the Shuten-doji . Due to the warning of the Japanese government, these onmyojis didn’t mention the existence of ‘Jiang Li’ and credited all the achievements to Ono Sumika, but the agents knew that they were obviously lying from the micro-expressions and small movements . After the researchers tested the power of the spells of Ono Sumika, they judged that she had insufficient lethality . Moreover, judging from the virtual three-dimensional image of the simulated giant Shuten-doji, even if it stood still, it was impossible that the onmyojis could kill it in just 12 hours! The researchers boldly speculated that perhaps there were others who actually killed the Shuten-doji and the Japanese government had concealed the key point! Therefore, the U . S . Embassy in Japan immediately sent the important news back to the United States . At the same time in the White House, the assistant walked into the president’s office quietly with a secret document . President Trump was originally browsing the messages that fans tweeted on Twitter and he also smiled as he looked up and saw his assistant . “Isn’t this my smart and capable genius assistant? Why do you look so worried?” “Mr . President, please take a look at this confidential document . This is the secret information sent by our embassy in Japan 3 minutes ago...;...;” Ignoring the consistent contempt of President Trump, the assistant handed over the secret letter . “The content proves that the supernatural people in Japan who claim to be onmyojis indeed have extraordinary abilities . ” Then he had a mercurial turn of conversation . “But, considering how they defeated the Shuten-doji, all intelligence personnel agreed that the Japanese government absolutely concealed the truth . ” While listening to the assistant, President Trump started reading the secret document and suddenly looked shocked and envious . He could never imagine that, in reality, there were people with super power like Marvel heroes! But after hearing that the Japanese concealing the truth, President Trump had a straight face . “Is the information reliable?” “Absolutely reliable! The high-level spy also reported the emperor, the prime minister and other high-level officials had a secret meeting for half an hour after the death of the Shuten-doji . ” He nodded solemnly . “And every onmyoji returning from the battle was quietly interviewed by the subordinates of the Prime Minister . The content of the interview was highly confidential and it was unknown to outsiders . ” “Our researchers from Area 51 also discovered that the ability of Ono Sumika is limited and the degree of lethality is medium . She couldn’t kill the Shuten-doji in just 12 hours!” After flipping through the document, President Trump pondered and frowned . “What is the secret they want to conceal that makes the Japanese government not hesitant to interview the onmyojis right after they returned from the battle?” “Mr . President, we now have too little information, so we can’t judge . ” Looking at the assistant having wry smile, President Trump also knew that it was difficult for him . Touching his chin and pondering for a moment, President Trump slammed his fist on his desk . “As long as the United States wants to know, there is no secret! Ask the Treasurer, Secretary Robert Rubin to my office . ” “If Japan is not obedient, we can only let it understand what it can do and what it is not allowed to do . ” Chapter 102 <strong>Chapter 102: The Heat</strong>  A few days later, the United States, which had a big trade war with China, seemed to adjust its muzzle faintly to beat its younger brother, Japan . The major news media in America began to publicize . “Recently, the yen-to-dollar exchange rate has risen sharply . Compared with the previous period, the yen has appreciated decrease by 30% . The sharp appreciation of the yen has led to a sharp rise in Japanese export prices . Japanese global trade competitiveness has declined and the economy is suspected of falling into Bubble crisis?” “Wall Street bank executives claim that supernatural disasters frequently occur in Japan, which is not conducive to financial investment and has recently intentionally withdrawn a lot of money!” “Japanese foreign trade was blocked, security companies closed down, the stock market became terrible and hundreds of billions of dollars of assets disappeared overnight . Numerous investors committed suicide!” “The house prices in Tokyo have plummeted for the first time in 100 years . It is suspected that a large number of rich people have fled, and capital cash is massively outflowing?” “Scandals in Japanese companies once again! The owner of Japan’s Kobe Steel Co . Ltd . , which provides fuselage materials for heavy industry and automobiles, has publicly apologized for this . The source said that Kobe Steel’s practice of tampering with product data happened as early as 8 years ago!” The behaviors of the United States not only tempted many countries which wanted to take advantage of Japan, China also took the lead and adopted economic measures to punish Japan . The joint strikes of several permanent members of the United Nations, coupled with the dissatisfaction expressed by the United States, the major chaebol groups behind the Japanese regime immediately turned against and sold out their Prime Minister . They not only signed a large new arms trade agreement with the United States in the name of the Japanese government, but also secretly leaked out the secrets of the Shuten-doji that were deliberately concealed by the emperor Akihito the Prime Minister . The Japanese-Chinese mixed youth Jiang Li, who showed up mysteriously and joined Ono Sumika’s team halfway? Claiming to be a descendant of Emperor Yan, he wore a samurai armor and a bronze cattle-faced mask, held a long blade which could control the flames, and he was able to grow wings in the shadows of the onmyojis which enabled them to fly . He talked and behaved very arrogantly and had full confidence in his own strength . Though he defeated the Shuten-doji, he wasn’t interested in the siege since he just wanted to obtain the so-called ghost gourd that was full of pure yin . At the beginning, President Trump was shocked and confused to learn that Japanese Prime Minister had taken so much effort to conceal this secret . Another supernatural person? Although he is different from onmyojis, and he doesn’t seem to be Japanese, but why did they try to conceal him? As the high-level American officials were puzzled, Japanese chaebols were also extremely fearful . Since the emperor was the spiritual leader of Japan, these Japanese chaebols did not hesitate to intimidate the prime minister and his family at all costs, forcing him to tell why he was hiding . Unable to bear the pressure, Koizumi Ichiro had to confess the details . It turned out that he had already looked into Jiang Li with his privilege when he heard about his story from Ono Sumika and found a shocking fact! More than a decade ago, Jiang Li and his parents had died in a car accident . In other words, Jiang Li was a dead man! How could a person who had died for many years come to life in reality? Koizumi Ichiro first thought that Jiang Li must have had some adventure, that helped him resurrect and gain great power, otherwise it was impossible to fight against the king of the ghosts! No matter whether it was the emperor or the Prime Minister, people like them always wanted to enjoy the secular power or the fortune forever . In the past, no matter how much money you had, you could delay your death with drugs, but you would eventually die . But now, how could they ignore this fact as they found a person who was suspected to be resurrected? Sure enough they hid this secret, silenced all the insiders, and then secretly sent people to find and discover this person, trying to get the key to the resurrection . It was a pity that it was exposed before they found out where he was . “Jiang Li? Mysterious adventure? Came back to life?” When the information leaked from the Japanese Prime Minister was sent to the White House, President Trump couldn’t help but feel excited about this speculation . As for the follow-up situation caused by it, it was even more surprising! The Japanese Prime Minister seemed to claim that he was ill and would temporarily retire from politics, in fact, he was escorted to Washington, and a large number of agents who were proficient in the induction and intelligence of the espionage were responsible for digging out the potentially-hidden information . After all, the American side didn’t believe that this guy would be honest, and perhaps he still concealed some secrets about Jiang Li! An American professor even stated that since Jiang Li claimed to be the descendant of Emperor Yan, then he must have often gone to Chinese restaurants in Japan . Although it sounded ridiculous, the chaebol capitalists who were eager for the resurrection wouldn’t give up any chance! In just a few days, all the famous Chinese restaurants were kept under surveillance of the CIA, and any Asian men between the ages of 15 and 25 would be recorded . As for the identity file of Jiang Li, all his friends and relatives in Japan, in the Tokyo Police Department were also highly concerned by the CIA . The cattle-faced mask, the samurai armor, the long blade and the so-called ghost gourd that contained pure yin were also researched by numerous researchers from ancient books day and night, trying to find the secrets of the resurrection . In addition, all the onmyojis who had met Jiang Li were also under house arrest by the Japanese government . Under the control of the American agents who were proficient in interrogation, they had too accurately recall every sentence, every move and every look of Jiang Li . Though the Japanese government did not dare to directly put Ono Sumika under house arrest, they also secretly forced her to tell every detail of him by threatening her family . The news media, private detectives and gangs employed by the chaebols have recently been searching for him . On the international black market, even a valuable piece of information of Jiang Li was worth millions of dollars and American passports . It could be said that in the face of the temptation of the resurrection, all the capitalists throughout the world became crazy . Though the onmyojis and the Hyakkiyakou were very novel, nothing could be compared with the resurrected youth! Throughout the Japanese history, even the great onmyoji Abe no Seimei still died like others? These wealthy capitalists that only desired to live forever and to enjoy their lives . Jiang Li, who was now returned back to life, has convinced many capitalists the possibility of resurrection, so how could they not be tempted? Chapter 103 <strong>Chapter 103: The Mystery of the Resurrection?</strong>  While the United States and Japan were desperately looking for Jiang Li, it was impossible for China to be left out . After bribing the high-level officials, the rough information about Jiang Li was sent to the office of the head No . 1 and was handed over to the PLA General Armed Forces Department for analysis . As many staff officers were called to the meeting, the Chief of Staff, Chen Youwei, distributed the general information, image and file of Jiang Li . The simulated picture of Jiang Li arouse the attention of the deputy chief of staff, Qi Jianguo . After taking some time to look into the information and considering the surname of Jiang Li and pride as he self-proclaimed to be the descendant of Emperor Yan, Qi Jianguo took the lead to stand up . “Since you are all pondering, then I express my opinions first . ” Holding the picture of Jiang Li, Qi Jianguo went on . “Start from his name . ” “Emperor Yan, the legendary leader of the tribe with the surname Jiang . If Jiang is really his surname, it is extremely consistent with the history . ” “As for the bronze cattle-faced mask he wears, the legend has it that Emperor Yan has a cattle-like face and horns on his head . From this we can judge that Jiang Li may be trying to imitate Emperor Yan . ” “Wait a minute, Minister Qi, you can’t ignore the objective facts, but discuss what you want to say!” “From the information we learned, he and his parents have died in a car accident over a decade ago . ” A chief of staff of the Navy system, who couldn’t help but stand up, refuted . “A dead person wearing a traditional Japanese samurai armor who can grow bird wings in the shadows of others...;...;is he really imitating Emperor Yan?” “Wearing the Japanese samurai armor? Growing wings in others’ shadows? These are completely irrelevant to Emperor Yan!” “In summary, he’s by no means imitating the Emperor Yan . Don’t you think that this is only an unreasonable thought?” As the Admiral refuted, all the staff members looked at Qi Jianguo in an instant . Being stared at by the looks of questioning, wondering and concerning, Qi Jianguo took a deep breath, but did not reveal even a little nervousness and anxiety . He said indifferently . “I am not forcefully analyzing him with separate information, but I feel that if we forcibly mix all information indiscriminately, it will be harder to discover the hidden meaning . ” The Admiral frowned slightly and stared at him . “Well, then can you explain, what is the meaning of the traditional Japanese samurai armor? What does the trick that grows wings in others’ shadows symbolize?” Qi Jianguo flipped through the documents he found and erected two fingers confidently . “We have to analyze these 2 fact separately . ” “Like you said, Jiang Li is indeed a dead person . ” “But, you see that Jiang Li is always proud of being a descendant of Emperor Yan, right?” Including the Admiral, everyone in the conference room nodded . “Undoubtedly, after all, all information has been repeatedly confirmed . ” Suddenly, Qi Jianguo looked around the conference room . “He never cares about his Japanese nationality, but why does he wear the traditional Japanese samurai armor?” “Assuming that he really likes wearing armor, then why doesn’t he wear a traditional Chinese armor? The stone armor from the Spring and Autumn Warring States, the leather armor from the Three Kingdoms, the steel armors from the Han Dynasty...;...; There are numerous Chinese armors!” “If he can even make resurrection, such an incredible thing, possible, then there’s no way that he can’t get his hand on the ancient Chinese armors . ” “Can someone explain why?” Hearing this, almost everyone started pondering, but everyone frowned and couldn’t understand why . Seeing that no one could answer this question, Qi Jianguo shouted in a resounding voice . “There is only one possibility . ” “That is, the traditional Japanese warrior armor plays an unusually important role for Jiang Li! Jiang Li can’t live without it . ” Qi Jianguo continued to boldly speculate . “As we’re curious of why he could be resurrected, but how about his parents?” “Actually, I think the answer has already appeared in front of us!” From a pile of pictures, he found a close-up picture of the traditional Japanese samurai armor of Jiang Li and indicated that everyone should look at him . “That is, the traditional Japanese samurai armor is sheltering and protecting the soul of Jiang Li, supporting him to live in the world . ” “In other words, the armor is his body . So even if he claims to the descendant of Emperor Yan, he cannot be without this body, otherwise he will not survive!” With the loud statement of Qi Jianguo, the conference room was silenced . Even the sound of breathing and heartbeats became clear and audible . The staff members were apparently shocked by his hypothesis! After a while . “Minister Qi, in the history of Japan, many were buried with their own samurai armors . ” The chief of staff who once took charge of the strategic study for 5 years raised a question . “Assuming that a Japanese traditional warrior armor has a magical spell of resurrection, shouldn’t there be dead ancient people resurrected everywhere now?” “No, maybe I didn’t make it clear, thus you have misunderstood . ” Qi Jianguo thought for a moment and said . “Ordinary Japanese traditional samurai armors are impossible to have such power . The armor worn by Jiang Li must have something special, but not known to us!” “But in view of the fact that we have never witnessed Jiang Li, naturally it is impossible to specifically analyze the origins of his armor . ” Other staff members in the conference room apparently agreed with his idea . “Well, let’s analyze his ability to create the wings in the shadows of others . What does it mean?” “And his weapon, Male Suzaku Blade!” “As the history book ‘Dong Ming’ records, Emperor Wu in Han Dynasty showed Dongfang Shuo the 3-meter-long Suzaku Blade, and Shuo said . ‘Emperor Huang cast the blade with the copper of the First Mountain . ’ As Emperor Wu was afraid that someone would get the blade, the blade turned into a Suzaku from his hands and flew into the clouds . ” Qi Jianguo began to analyze in a gentle tone, and the Chief of Staff, Chen Youwei, quickly wrote down all the valuable points and prepared the summary before submitting it to the head No . 1 . Name: Jiang Li Nationality: Chinese-Japanese mixed Sex: Male Age: 19? Features: wearing a cattle-faced mask and a traditional Japanese samurai armor Personality: arrogant, frivolous, casual Weapon: Male Suzaku Blade Suspected be recorded in the history book ‘Dong Ming’, Emperor Huang cast it with the copper from the First Mountain . The Emperor Wu in Han Dynasty has obtained the female Suzaku Blade and took out the show to Dongfang Shuo . The blade turned into a Suzaku and flew away . Considering Dong Ming as a book filled with anecdotes, the information requires confirmation by experts from the history department . Strength assessment: Unknown Combat story: Defeat the Shuten-doji The mystery of the resurrection: Jiang Li might have to rely on his traditional Japanese samurai armor worn by the body, but this is only a preliminary speculation . Chapter 104 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 104: Modified Chinese Zodiac (End of Volume 2)</strong>  Time flies by, as the American and Japanese capitalists kept looking for Jiang Li, followed by the investigation of China, Hu Feng also planned to carry out his next plan in Japan . That was, with the incarnation Jiang Li, he would hunt for the well-known Japanese swords and antiques at night . In the process, Hu Feng would bring those sleeping near the famous Japanese antiques into the same dream from a third-person perspective, let these people witness how he defeated the spirit on the antiques and then hunted for its pure yin . With the system’s power, the research of several countries on Jiang Li were known to him . In the discussion of the General Staff of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army, they considered the traditional Japanese samurai armor as the source of Jiang Li’s resurrection, Hu Feng thus felt that he could make good use of this . For example, he could let the soul of Chiyou possess the armor . In this way, Hu Feng was also pondering that perhaps his armor could be upgraded and deformed in the process of collecting pure yin . For example, transform the armor into the cattle-faced armor with horns, if necessary, the armor would talk speak, so that the world would be more convinced that it was possessed . It was precisely because the soul possessed the armor, it sensed the inheritance of Jiang Li, and thus the soul of Chiyou enabled him to be resurrected . As for why the soul of Chiyou wasn’t in mainland China, but came to Japan and possessed an old Japanese traditional armor, Hu Feng felt that it was necessary to make good use of it . After all, after his plan ended in Japan, he must return for his next plan in mainland China . Moreover, seeing people worship Emperor Huang crazily due to the news of onmyojis that spread in China, Hu Feng had a general plan for the future . That was, Emperor Huang’s 12 zodiac inheritances . Rat, cattle, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, sheep, monkey, chicken, dog and pig! In the past, defeated in a battle, Chiyou’s head was chopped off by Emperor Huang, and his body and head were buried separately in different locations . In order to avoid his resurrection, Emperor Huang secretly left the 12 zodiac inheritances on 12 pieces of animal copper plates . Once there were signs of resurrection, these inheritances would spontaneously seek for those who were identified with the inheritance of Emperor Huang and ask them to fight against the soul of Chiyou to prevent him from taking back his body . However, the soul of Chiyou already knew his plan, but it kept lurking and waiting for the opportunity as it was afraid that Emperor would completely destroy it . During the Jiajing period of the Ming Dynasty, coastal merchants colluded with the invading Japanese for the sake of profit, and Qi Jiguang was ordered to form a military crusade, and thus defeated the Japanese . The soul of Chiyou took the opportunity to possess the samurai armor of a Japanese body, which was then brought back to Japan by the surviving Japanese . In a foreign country, the soul could not be supplemented by the constant strength provided by the corpse, hence its strength dropped dramatically . In order to protect itself, the soul forced itself to shut down its senses, letting relatives of the owner of the armor bury it in the grave as a funerary object, and fell into a long sleep . After more than 600 years, unlike any other rusty armor, the armor possessed by the soul seemed ancient but remained the same . When the soul of Jiang Li, who was killed in a car accident, inadvertently touched the armor possessed by Chiyou’s soul in the tomb, the soul sensed its inheritance and eventually regained consciousness . By using the residual power to reshape the body and the weapon, Chiyou’s soul entrusted him to collect pure yin to repair the soul . Thereafter, as Jiang Li, who was proud of his inheritance of Emperor Yan, collected Japanese antiquities everywhere to hunt for pure yin, Chiyou’s soul was restored little by little . After the recovery of Chiyou’s strength, his originally plain armor began to change . The armor was thus transforming into the cattle-faced armor with horns . When Orachimaru showed up in Japan and ravaged the world, Chiyou’s soul commanded Jiang Li to borrow the 8-footed Mirror and Kusanagi Sword from the Japanese Emperor with the excuse of eliminating Orachimaru . With the power of the 8-footed Mirror, the soul was almost fully-recovered . With the Kusanagi Sword, Chiyou defeated the Orachimaru and made it his subordinate, then he returned to the Chinese mainland to retrieve his own body . At that moment, it was time for the debut of Emperor’s Huang’s 12 zodiac inheritances! Hu Feng finally had the opportunity to debut as a high school student without being suspected by anyone . Among 12 zodiac inheritances of Emperor Huang, the most powerful, and most well-known [Dragon Inheritance] would belong to him . Hu Feng seemed to be the luckiest one among the 12 teenagers enshrined in the inheritance of Emperor Huang, as long as the government wasn’t a fool, Hu Feng believed that they would definitely recruit him, moreover, he might be invited to serve as a senior leader of the special national bureau . But in fact, he was actually boss behind-the-scenes, who created all the supernatural phenomena that existed in the world! Chapter 105 <strong>Chapter 105: Weird Dream</strong>  Since Hu Feng had confirmed his plan, he began to carry it out . At night in Shiga and Kyoto, tens of thousands of people near the Meixiu Museum though were sleeping at home, they were inexplicably conscious and found themselves in an unknown venue, overlooking everything in a third-person perspective . In the center of the venue, a tall figure wearing a traditional samurai armor and a cattle-faced mask, holding a cold weapon burning with flames, was fighting against a monster who claimed to be a ‘phoenix’ . After only a few rounds, the monster that self-proclaimed phoenix was defeated as its head was chopped off and fell to the ground . At the same time, those who were asleep also woke up . At first, these people only thought that they had a nightmare, but when discussing their own nightmare with others, they found out that they were not alone since almost everyone had the same dream! What was more shocking to the local residents was that the monster claiming to be the ‘phoenix’ was the treasure of the Meixiu Museum, [the Edo period gilt inlaid glass phoenix] . After they had this weird dream, this treasure disappeared mysteriously and the monitoring machine records in the museum were empty . As the Hyakkiyakou had just passed, such a large-scale weird dream involving tens of thousands of people was obviously a supernatural event caused by non-human factors, suddenly occurred, making the local police in Shiga and Kyoto dare not to neglect the situation . After temporarily closing the Meixiu Museum, they quickly reported to the higher level, requesting the dispatch of those professionals who were working in the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department . Just a few days later, the onmyojis sent by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department carefully searched the Meixiu Museum with various spell to detect the demons, but they still found nothing . In view that there were no casualties in the weird dream, the property loss was just a mysterious disappearance of an antique, and no clues could be found in the Meixiu Museum, the onmyojis couldn’t investigate further . After filing the report to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, the onmyojis stopped the investigation . This incident seemed to add a novel material to the Japanese urban legends after it started spreading on the Internet, nothing further happened . However, in the eyes of the chaebol group all over Japan and the American capitalists in Wall Street, this was likely to be the unintentional exposure of ‘Jiang Li’! The tourism became booming in Kyoto and Shiga since the foreign tourists (international agents, spies, etc . ) and people from other countries (gangsters, private detectives, etc . ) came over and boosted the local tourism . After looking for him in vain, many thought that it was just an accidental incident of Jiang Li, and it would not happen again in the future, but a similar situation on a larger scale happened again! However, the location and of the missing item was very different this time . In the Tokyo National Museum, [Misatuki Munechika], the famous sword known as one of Japan’s top five famous swords, and was said to be owned by Toyota Hideyoshi, also mysteriously disappeared . There were no signs of invasion in the National Museum, and the alarm monitor was useless . Around the National Museum, nearly 30,000 people had the same strange dream at night as they also witnessed a tall figure wearing a traditional samurai armor and a cattle-faced mask, fighting against a Japanese rogue who claimed to be Misatuki Munechika and killing him in the end . Two consecutive supernatural event related to Jiang Li not only made people living near the museums in various parts of Japan panic and filled with unease, they also made politicians and capitalists in countries such as the United States and Japan feel that there was a rule behind the behavior of Jiang Li! In the President’s office, White House . “Look at the list of artifacts that disappeared mysteriously in these supernatural events, and then think about what we learned before, what Jiang Li once personally emphasized to the onmyojis in the battle against the Shuten-doji!” Waving the report, President Trump looked very excited and repeated what Jiang Li once said to the onmyojis . “What I need is a ghost gourd containing pure yin, it’s a piece of authentic antique which can date back to more than 1300 years ago . ” In the office, the military representatives, the FBI, the CIA, the assistants of the president, the Secretary-General and others looked very serious as no one interrupted Mr . President and they all stared at President Trump . After repeating what Jiang Li said, President Trump looked overjoyed and said . “Can you find common ground in these incidents?” “Mr . President, I personally think that the common entities are the antiques!” Komi, the head of the FBI, stood up and said . “Perhaps Mr . Jiang Li, who is resurrected, urgently needs the pure yin from these antiques which our scientific research machines cannot detect at present?” Making a snap, President Trump rushed over, patted Komi’s shoulders casually, and greatly appreciated him . “Exactly, you are right!” After praising him, President Trump looked around everyone’s face and smirked . “Since Jiang Li needs these ancient antiques, how can we not satisfy him?” “Order the think tanks that serve for the interests of the United States to come up with a plan aimed at Jiang Li in 12 hours!” Frowning, President Trump waved his arms in an airy manner . “Jiang Li completely disappeared after the battle against the Shuten-doji, obviously he doesn’t want to be in contact with the outside world . But even so, I still want him to bite the bait . ” “I am going to get his secret of resurrection!” “Your will, Mr . President . ” As a prominent member among the American capitalists, also the supreme leader of American politics, Trump, who was very wealthy, did his job in a freer manner unlike any other American president in the past . Chapter 106 <strong>Chapter 106: Nightmare Samurai</strong>  In less than 12 hours, plan A, which was specifically designed to bait Jiang Li out, was confirmed . According to the plan, they would ship a large number of antiques to Japan, store all of them in the Tokyo National Museum, and then promote it through news media channels such as newspapers and the Internet . In the first month, they wouldn’t provide any protective measures to those antiques, allowing Jiang Li to hunt at his will . The purpose was to bait him out! With these flawless antiques stored in the National Museum, they wanted to gradually dispel the mistrust of Jiang Li . Then, while continuing to supply Jiang Li a large number of antiques, the United States would control the onmyojis, set up magical monitors in the National Museum, and try to establish a channel to contact Jiang Li with text slogans . The core ideas of the American think tank had always been clear . If you want to get his secret of resurrection, you must first establish contact with him, so that it will be possible to obtain the secret . President Trump signed the relevant licensing documents, commencing plan A as scheduled . Everything went smoothly as it seemed Jiang Li was unknown about the plan . When a large number of antiques were transferred to the National Museum, and the Japanese side publicized about it on the news and media, hundreds of thousands of Japanese people in the vicinity began to have a weird dream again on that night . Same traditional samurai armor, the same tall figure, and the same cattle-faced mask, but the only difference was the enemy of this mysterious samurai – not a person, but a group of people in different shapes . When the mysterious samurai eliminated all the enemies with east, a large number of people were once again awakened from the dream with cold sweat dripping from their bodies . Correspondingly, in the National Museum, the antiques shipped from overseas disappeared . The general manager of the United States responsible for implementing the plan was particularly excited and confirmed that Jiang Li bit the bait . With the expectation, the general manager urged to transfer more antiques to refill the empty National Museum . As time went by, residents near the National Museum almost collectively saw the mysterious samurai killing enemies in their dream every two or three days . Gradually, the residents spontaneously considered that the mysterious samurai might be exorcising like onmyojis, but his behavior was far different from that of the onmyojis as it was carried out in the countless dreams of the residents . Since they didn’t know the name of the mysterious samurai, some people simply called him [nightmare samurai] in awe, which meant that he was the samurai who killed monsters in their dreams, making people wake up with cold sweat . As the general manager who carried out the plan kept refilling antiques, the phenomena of the appearance of the nightmare samurai and a large number of people collectively having weird dreams was also becoming more and more intense . It eventually became widely known on the Internet and a wonder of Tokyo! Many netizens who were particularly interested in supernatural events rushed to the vicinity of the Tokyo National Museum and were willing to pay a high price to stay at the local residents’ houses . From Japan, South Korea, Hong Kong and other places, famous horror novel writers and directors shooting spiritual films were also unwilling to let go of this rare supernatural event as they were eager to spend a lot of money renting houses near the National Museum for a long time . For the vast majority of ordinary people, since they had no money to board or rent local houses, yet they still wanted to experience the behavior of [nightmare samurai] pulling them into a dream, they could only wear some warm clothes and sleep in a nearby park . Tsuburaya Company, which shot the Ultraman Superman series, and Toei Company, which the Masked Superman series, also temporarily made new plots involving the urban geek with the great reputation of the [nightmare samurai], trying to attract ratings . After supplying Jiang Li tons of antique for a month, the general manager began to recruit those onmyojis and arranged various magical circles to film with the camera in and out of the National Museum after informing President Trump . As for the hidden miniature monitoring equipment, they set up numerous of them . Tens of thousands of kilometers away from the National Museum, they also set up a secret base along the coast, and a large number of American agents and spies who carried out the plan A lived there . They were always meticulously monitoring the antiques in the National Museum . The reason why they set up a base so far away was because they were afraid that Jiang Li might discover it if it was too close . What’s more, once Jiang Li arrived, people near the National Museum would be dragged into the dream, if these professionals were dreaming, who could pay attention to Jiang Li’s movement in the National Museum? On the night which the American agents and spies considered normal, Jiang Li suddenly showed up in the magical circle set up by the onmyojis! Even though all the entrances to the National Museum had long been closed, Jiang Li still showed up mysteriously . Those monitoring equipment and camera interfaces were all useless at the moment, as if they were being interfered with . “Mr . Michel, the target has appeared . Repeat, the target has appeared!” The highest-ranking agent immediately sent a message to the general manager . “Everything clear! The target has found and interfered with the machines on the surface, but the magical circles we set in the hidden places under the floor and between the walls perfectly showed the appearance of the target in real time . ” Mr . Michel, the general manager of Plan A, was very excited to order his subordinate . “Don’t act rashly, act according to the original plan!” Without any extra move, the agents and spies were concentrating on observing the filming magical circles . They could see that Jiang Li stood upright in the same place and closed his eyes silently . Almost at the same time, all agents and spies clearly saw that dark-colored airflow of grayish green, dark green, dark brown, and dark gray started to surge on the antiques . After careful observation, they could vaguely see that these antiques were slightly trembling, seemingly wanting to escape but in vain . Chapter 107 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 107: Chiyou</strong>  The anomalous behavior from these antiques came fast but also disappeared fast . In less than 2 minutes, all the strange phenomena of the antiques disappeared . At this moment, Jiang Li suddenly opened his eyes . Under the gaze of all the secret agents, what they couldn’t believe happened! Jiang Li stood still in place, but the antiques that were suspended in the air, flew towards his traditional Japanese samurai armor . In the meantime, the agents seemed to notice that the samurai armor began to distort, and ripples which seemed like black hole began to appear as all the antiques went straight into the ripples and ended up disappearing instantly . Desperately rubbing their eyes, the agents inside the base could see the disappearance of the antiques when they flew close towards the armor, and the armor became bulkier and bulkier every time it swallowed up an antique . Even on the top of the armor, a pair of small horns appeared out of nowhere and green flames were looming on it . “This is the devil armor!” “It’s growing! Oh my God!” The base staff couldn’t help but scream as they didn’t dare to look at it again and started to pray for their safety . Faced with a supernatural event, other spy agents became short of breath and anxious, but they couldn’t leave, since their duties forced them to continue to observe . Sweeping away all the antiques, Jiang Li turned slightly and disappeared inside the National Museum . Since the target disappeared, these agents decisively reported the situation to the general manager, so that the latter could sort out everything that happened tonight and report it to President Trump . It didn’t take long before he completed a detailed report of the supernatural incident involving Jiang Li in the National Museum tonight and sent it to the President’s Office in the White House . “Is it evolving and developing? An armor eating like a living person, absorbing nutrition and growing up?” After reading this report, President Trump was puzzled . “Mr . President, although this sounds ridiculous, it is indeed a true fact . ” The director of the CIA stated very seriously . Seeing President Trump puzzled, he presented another evaluation report from a large number of experts on Chinese ancient culture . “Jiang Li has always thought of himself as a descendant of Emperor Yan . We specially consulted the professionals and analyzed what happens to the armor in the end . ” “Mr . President, please take a look . ” Receiving the report, he started reading the first page . What he first saw was the final evolution of the colorful samurai armor that experts and scholars had a hypothesis about . 21 meters high, 3 huge cattle heads, each with a pair of stout horns on the top, the upper body of the giant , 6 masculine arms with axes and blades, vortex-like storms circling around which suggested that it had the ability to control the wind, 8 legs...;...; Next to the final evolutionary growth chart, there was also a name conjecture for the armor . “Chiyou?!” Frowning, President Trump sighed with suspicion . “Yes . ” “Mr . President, in ancient China, that is around, 3,000 BC, it was said that there was a big decisive battle like the American Civil War . ” The director of the CIA came forward and pointed to this final evolutionary picture, explaining in words . “The tribe headed by Emperor Huang first accommodated and merged most of the clan of Emperor Yan, and then he expelled Emperor Yan . Emperor Yan died of exhaustion, so his original name was erased, replaced by the new name Chiyou . ” “The Chinese pay attention to the souls . Although Chiyou’s body was dead, his soul should still exist . ” President Trump listened with great interest, and the director of the CIA continued to elaborate . “So we have reasons to suspect that even if only the soul exists, since Chiyou is a very powerful figure in Chinese mythology, the resurrection of Jiang Li is likely to be related to him!” “Think about it, though Jiang Li is Chinese-Japanese mixed, the records show that he never left Japan for China since his childhood . ” Squinting, CIA Director said . “Usually, how can such a person who has been influenced by Japanese culture firmly believe that he is a descendant of the Chinese Emperor Yan? And he’s even proud of this . If no one tells Jiang Li about his inheritance, it will never cause this situation . ” “Mr . President, in the folklore of East Asia, there have always been legends about guardian spirit and protecting gods . There are also myths about the guardian spirit inhabiting the dead objects...;...;” Hearing this, President Trump could not help but thoughtfully mutter . “What you mean...;...;is that Chiyou’s soul is in the Japanese samurai armor . ” “It is precisely because of its great strength that Jiang Li can be brought back to life; and because of it, Jiang Li can understand and be proud of his own identity . At the same time, this armor swallows antiques to grow, right?” In the face of the president’s inquiry, the CIA director nodded quickly . “I have to say that I didn’t see that coming . But your speculation is quite reasonable . ” Touching the chin, President Trump pondered various information about Jiang Li in his mind . A documentary report that he had read in the past showed that Jiang Li attended the battle between the onmyojis and the Shuten-doji halfway and stated clearly that the ghost gourd containing pure yin belonged to him . When first reading the report, President Trump repeatedly tried to think of himself as Jiang Li to ponder what he could do with the so-called ghost gourd with pure yin and why he had to get it . However, due to the lack of information, he had no idea . At the moment, he suspected that maybe Jiang Li collected antiques containing pure yin for Chiyou’s soul which possessed the armor . In this way, it justified all the incidents involving Jiang Li, as well as Jiang Li’s weird behaviors! “Control the onmyojis, make them get the armor at all costs!” The more he thought, the more possible he considered it to be, so President Trump wanted to get it right away! Chapter 108 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 108: Oda Nobunaga and Shadow Ninjas</strong>  The soul of Chiyou, the mythical figure from China, thousands of years ago, possessed traditional Japanese samurai armor? At all costs, they had to get the armor and send it back to Washington State in the shortest possible time . Any technological weapon that might harm the soul of Chiyou on the armor wasn’t allowed to use . The commander responsible for plan A who received this order almost went crazy! Not to mention that it was a self-contradictory that they weren’t allowed to use weapons to harm the soul, but yet they had to achieve it at all costs . The commander and all agents inside the secret base were simply stunned when receiving the order because no scientists could prove what kind of technological weapon could harm the soul invisible to the naked eye . Precisely, they couldn’t even prove the existence the soul! Assuming that the soul really existed, weren’t all the technology weapons possible to hurt the soul? The flame of the hot weapons might burn the soul? The super-fast kinetic energy of the bullet leaving the muzzle might tear the soul? Electromagnetic radiation interference waves might direct distort the soul? It wasn’t clear which kind of technological weapon would cause harm to the so-called soul . Daring not to take responsibility for accidentally harming the soul, the commander simply ordered all agents to not use any hot weapon as the onmyojis would be responsible for arresting the soul and the agents only required them to work . With the infinite wealth and the throne of the American political leaders, President Trump basically could achieve anything he wanted . But unfortunately what he encountered this time was the boss who could control and create supernatural events . Before those American agents forced the onmyojis to set up magical circles to arrest the [nightmare samurai], Hu Feng had already had an insight into everything . As for the so-called secret arrest, he didn’t care about it since it was actually impossible for it to succeed . It could even be said that if it weren’t for his good temper, he would have long exposed plan A to the news media . Therefore, it was a waste of time to care about it! “It has been a month . It’s time to temporarily end the appearance of the nightmare samurai . ” Hu Feng pondered . Too lazy to pay attention to these agents who were destined to fail their arresting plan, Hu Feng had concentrated his attention on creating a larger event in Japan with the samurai armor . In view of the strange behavior of the nightmare samurai looking for antiques and making them disappear, Hu Feng still planned to start from this point . But he no longer considered ordinary antiques as he wanted to pursue something at a even higher level . After searching, finally a famous antique aroused his interest . That was the stamp of Oda Nobunaga, an unparalleled historical figure in ancient Japan . From the initial understanding of Oda Nobunaga, Hu Feng knew it from the game ‘Nobunaga’s Hope’ . In the analogy of Chinese historical figures, Oda Nobunaga should be equivalent to Cao Cao . They were so arrogant that they believed that they could conquer the world, but both were eventually killed by their subordinates . However, Hu Feng felt that Oda Nobunaga couldn’t compare with Cao Cao . After all, when Cao Cao was alive, the Sima Yi family submitted themselves to his rule, and only dared to rebel after Cao’s family was in straitened circumstances . In contrast, Oda Nobunaga, his subordinate suddenly rebelled right before the upcoming reunification of Japan, thus he died with regrets . At first, Hu Feng couldn’t understand why tens of thousands of rebellious soldiers besieged Oda Nobunaga, but after reading tons of Japanese books, he began to realize that Japanese only obeyed their immediate superiors, not all their superiors . This was also the reason of many rebellious incidents happened in Japan . Hu Feng now planned to have a one-on-one match between the nightmare samurai and Oda Nobunaga in the dreams of tons of residents with the stamp of Oda Nobunaga in the Kyoto Museum . This magnificent battle would not only temporarily act as an end for his task of collecting antiques, but also make everyone in the world know the inexpressible evil mentioned by the onmyojis with lots of residents acting as a witness . That was, Orachimaru, which would appear from Mount Fuji . The ultimate catastrophe in Japan, also the unknown as the evil that all the onmyojis would confront, was coming! As for the powerful subordinates of the Orachimaru, he wanted to add a new character, the Shadow Ninja! Different from ordinary Koga and Iga ninjas in Japanese history, the Shadow Ninjas were proficient in killing and fighting against the onmyojis . Maybe the Orachimaru couldn’t appear in every corner of Japan, but space was meaningless to these shadow ninjas since they existed in the shadows and would exist as long as the shadows existed . “In the final battle against the Orachimaru, there are onmyojis, samurai and ninjas...;...; Ha-ha...;...;” Hu Feng laughing evilly . Chapter 109 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 109: 1 vs . All</strong>  In Kyoto Museum, the weather in the middle of the night was muggy, lightning rumbled between the clouds, and the rain sizzled along with the wind, washing away the heat present in the air . Ordinary Japanese people were sleeping silently . But Hu Feng took action now . Different from the past, not only those living near the Kyoto Museum, but all 1 . 5 million permanent residents of Kyoto were dragged into his dream . “Where am I?” “Help me! I can’t move!” “God! Father and mother, why are you here too?” “It’s the hottest urban legend on the Internet recently! This is not fake, but something real!” As if fixed from a third-person perspective, those who were forcibly dragged into the dream could see others around them, and found themselves and others who also seemed to be in an unfamiliar open environment, but still they couldn’t move . Of course, some thought of the online rumor of the [nightmare samurai], and they were both surprised and glad that they could actually experience this supernatural phenomenon . Just as the people quarreled, an invisible shock wave swept everyone . In an instant, everyone’s heart seemed to be pinched by something invisible, they suddenly became unable to scream, and something indescribable but fearful hit upon their mind . It suddenly became very silent . Without anything leading or guiding them, everyone couldn’t help but look up . Space seemed to become meaningless at this moment, as everything far from them was clearly visible in the eyes of the public . The outermost part was the building with anti-horse fences, trenches and mud walls . An ancient Japanese army consisting of thousands of people arranged in a rectangular shape was inside the building . Soldiers with pale faces held their weapons in their hands silently, and an army flag engraved with the word Yongle was situated in the middle, making them look even more gloomy . There was no doubt that the highest commander of the army was standing in the middle of the army . The weird atmosphere shocked these ordinary Japanese people, some even had cold sweats . In the Warring States Period of Japan, the Ming Dynasty Yongle copper coins were one of the few currencies commonly used in Japan, and Oda Nobunaga, who despised the traditions, simply used Yongle to demonstrate his innovative concept . Many people who had some understanding of the history of the Japanese Warring States were suddenly stunned to find out that this might be the ghost army led by Oda Nobunaga! Moreover, because he once burnt down the Buddhist temples and killed the Buddha soldiers, Oda Nobunaga was advertised by countless monks in the folks that he was the Sixth Day Devil . The Sixth Day Devil Oda Nobunaga was he resurrected? And he also had an invincible ghost army, so what did the Sixth Day Devil want to do now? Everyone who knew the identity of Oda Nobunaga was pondering anxiously, though they wanted to flee, they were invisibly bound, hence anybody couldn’t move at all! When they were feeling anxious, a lightning bolt thundered in the sky, and everyone was shocked to find that a tall figure wearing a cattle-faced mask and the traditional Japanese samurai armor stood in front of Oda Nobunaga out of nowhere . “It is the Nightmare Samurai!” Although it was impossible to make a sound, many people usually browsing the Internet recognized the identity of Hu Feng at their first glance . Without any word, Hu Feng seemed to ignore the ‘audience’, and he quietly stared at the army, stepping forward steadily . With the Nightmare Samurai getting closer and closer, everyone witnessed that Oda Nobunaga’s army began to move . At the forefront, soldiers with long spears and fearful faces squatted down, started shooting with ghostly bullets, moved back while refilling the ammunition, and the soldiers behind moved forward to attack! Seeing this, Hu Feng reached out his right hand, and the long blade held in his hands was covered in flames . He rushed forward, slightly tilted the Male Suzaku Blade, and arbitrarily slashed forward . A f​ire emerged in front of the blade and all the bullets had been burnt into ashes before approaching him . But this was only the beginning, under the gaze of numerous people, he leaped and slammed the blade, suddenly covering the scene with flames . The buildings outside the Oda Nobunaga’s army were all turned into ashes, the blade swept through the army, and hundreds of armed soldiers who were too late to dodge had been neatly cut into two halves . The raging fire ignited from the wounds of these soldiers and they started screaming painfully . “Bastard!” Wearing a black armor, a commander boosted the morale after killing those wounded soldiers and then a team of pikemen began to launch attacks against Hu Feng . Many armored bowmen began to shoot and their arrows flashed with green light, as they were quenched with poison or contained a curse of resentment . Fearlessly, Hu Feng turned a deaf ear to the arrows that were specifically aimed at his limbs . He rushed over and shuttled between the arrows, and several heads of the ghost soldiers were chopped off each time he waved the blade . Those arrows didn’t actually hurt him at all as all hit his armor and fell onto the ground . Suddenly the weather changed as the black clouds emerged in the sky rolling, and there was even a downpour . In the dense raindrops, everyone could vaguely see that the Nightmare Samurai flickered, and Oda Nobunaga’s soldiers stopped him from falling down . After dozens of minutes, millions of Japanese people looked over from different angles . Except for the dozens of guards around Oda Nobunaga, there was no other ghost soldier surviving . Chapter 110 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 110: 3 Heads and 6 Arms</strong>  Holding the Male Suzaku Blade, Hu Feng slightly shook his wrists, and the stinky ghost air on the blade was eliminated, replaced by the flames that still burnt under the heavy rainfall . Walking towards the remaining ghost soldiers, Hu Feng could see Oda Nobunaga, who was under the army flag and was surrounded by dozens high-ranked generals, dozens of meters away . He was about 170 centimeters tall, riding on a tall skeleton horse, wearing a silver-white armor and wearing a U-shaped traditional Japanese flamboyant helmet . His heroic face looked murderous like a tiger . “Oda Nobunaga, your head is now mine!” Shouting, Hu Feng pulled out the blade . “Frenzy!” “Go to hell!” The generals and senior samurais surrounding Oda Nobunaga were irritated and screamed when they pulled out the samurai swords, polearms and other cold weapons as they couldn’t wait to kill Hu Feng . Riding the skeleton horses, these generals and senior samurais already rushed over from all directions, Hu Feng had no space to evade around him, as he was besieged . Oda Nobunaga had a confident smile, apparently he was very clear about the combat power of his subordinates . Dozens of cold weapons in different shapes were coming at the same time, even a man with extraordinary abilities couldn’t handle it with his fists and was doomed to die, not to mention that these strong enemies were riding horses, so they were naturally on a lot higher level than the Nightmare Samurai . Many people who witnessed the Nightmare Samurai being in a desperate situation could not help but try to close their eyes as they didn’t want to see the bloody tragedy . But at this moment, Hu Feng moved! His body grew as the wind kept blowing and he became a giant of more than 10 meters tall in an instant . Not only the height advantage of many ghost soldiers and senior samurais was completely eliminated, they also became disabled in front of Hu Feng because they could not reach Hu Feng’s knees even if they jumped desperately! The flesh on his shoulders creeped and two identical heads with cattle-faced mask emerged . In addition to a pair of eyes on the front of each head, there was a twinkling eye on the forehead with a bright pupil, and horns grew on the back of each head . On their foreheads, cheeks, shoulders and even all visible muscles without hair protection, metallic luster emerged . At the ribs of the upper body, there were also four new strong arms . Hu Feng waved the Male Suzaku Blade in midair and something incredible occurred . 5 new Male Suzaku Blades emerged from the afterimage, and were taken away and held by the other five arms . Just revealing a small part of Chiyou’s magical power was enough to easily deal with the tough situation in front . “Arc Slash!” Like a trio, the three heads uttered simultaneously . Though it was just an ordinary kendo move, raging flames appeared under the 6 identical Male Suzaku Blades . Burning everything, 6 arc-shaped shock waves were alternately released, and all the generals and senior samurais in front screamed and turned into ashes in the raging flames . Even Oda Nobunaga in the distance had to condense the ghost air all over his body, which barely prevented him from the aftermath of the flames . Even so, Oda Nobunaga’s horse fell down totally ill, and it seemed to be dying very soon . His silver-white armor became gray, his helmet was burnt into black ashes, and there was only he left under the army flag . “Let me end the Sixth Day Devil and send all of you back to hell . ” The voice of the Nightmare Samurai reverberated throughout the audience as those Japanese people were particularly obsessed . “50 years of life, everything seems like a dream...;...;” Reciting the favorite words, the green flames in Oda Nobunaga’s eyes burned fiercely, and he suddenly laughed smugly as if hearing the most ridiculous and funny joke in the world . Ha-ha-ha-ha! Numerous Japanese people witnessed that Oda Nobunaga smirked slyly at the Nightmare Samurai, and he scrunched his face to roar . “I manipulated the world like a game of chess, you’re just pawns for me, and how dare you now curse me?” Before he finished the sentence, the decorated army flag over Oda Nobunaga’s head started burning with green fires fiercely as if touched by his emotions, the color gradually deepened, and the raging flames engulfed everything combustible . Eventually, the army flag towering into the sky burned into dark, thick and oily green fire in a very short time, falling in front of Oda Nobunaga . Reaching out and grabbing, he swallowed group of dark green ghost fire . The ghost air over Oda Nobunaga’s body began to swell, his entire body grew as if he was a balloon, and he was almost equally high as the Nightmare Samurai . Oda Nobunaga was not a great swordsman, and he had no strong fighting experience since he was mainly a commanding general in the battle . However, after swallowing the ghost air highly-condensed with the burnt army flag which symbolized the bloody wars, Oda Nobunaga had the confidence to kill the enemy . Stretching his hand to his waist, Oda Nobunaga drew out a blade called Heshikiri slowly . Although he had many famous swords before his death, he still used Heshikiri when burning the Toruyama Buddhist Temple and killing monks . Ghost air was constantly pouring into the Heshikiri, Oda Nobunaga stared at the Nightmare Samurai, and there was only the desire to kill him in his eyes . “Go to hell!” All the Japanese people heard the scream of Oda Nobunaga . The Heshikiri in his hands burst out of infinite glory, and the speed he waved was amazing, faster than what anyone could imagine . The whole world seemed to be cut off by the sword, the heavy rain became stagnant, and the thunder even shook for this . Expressionlessly, the Nightmare Samurai looked at the world changing the color and the mighty blade, but he didn’t move at all . Seeming to be the illusion, numerous Japanese people vaguely saw a mouth appeared on the position of the breastplate of the Nightmare Samurai and it uttered . “Ordinary people can never endure your flaming sword, but not to me, I’m Dihong!” “Go back!” This time, almost all Japanese people had seen clearly that the armor was really talking . And with the simple two words, the Heshikiri that Nightmare Samurai had nowhere to escape suddenly came out of Oda Nobunaga’s hands, reversed the direction, and attacked towards Oda Nobunaga . In the eyes of the audience and even Oda Nobunaga, the momentum of the sword was spectacular! Different from the momentum when Oda Nobunaga attacked, the sword looked even more invincible . “What?!” Unexpectedly, Oda Nobunaga desperately wanted to control the Heshikiri, but suddenly found that everything he did was in vain . The flaming blade seemed to be unknown to him . Oda Nobunaga’s gaze was slightly stagnant, and Heshikiri had indeed returned . But it didn’t to the sheath, but on the chest through the heart, and the wound began to spurt out ghost air, like a living person who bled quickly . “I often ponder, the world is floating...;...;” His body gradually became weak, and he lowered his head and his voice became silent . Looking at the soul of Oda Nobunaga falling down, the Japanese people sighed and couldn’t help but felt secretly curious about the armor of the Nightmare Samurai that could talk like humans . As long as the enemy of the Nightmare Samurai died, the Nightmare Samurai would disappear mysteriously, and all the people who were forced into the dream would wake up in cold sweats . But today, everything changed . When those who knew about the urban legend of Nightmare Samurai were confused, the Nightmare Samurai began to utter in everyone’s ear . The seal under Mt . Fuji is about to wake up . If the innocent people want to survive, they should leave as soon as possible...;...; Even if they only heard his voice once, no one could forget it as if the sentence was engraved on their minds . After the remaining sound disappeared, everyone in Kyoto awakened from their dreams . However, the impact of the Nightmare Samurai tonight was just beginning to spread . Chapter 111 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 111: Reach a Consensus</strong>  It had been one and a half months since the natural disasters that pervaded Japan and the supernatural events, but for all countries in the world, Japan became the focus of the world during this period of time . Various supernatural phenomena emerged, such as Hyakkiyakou, Nightmare Samurai and hundreds of thousands onmyojis . Recently, another large-scale supernatural event that shocked numerous people and the country happened in Kyoto, Japan! That was, the doomsday prophecy of the Nightmare Samurai witnessed by 1 . 5 million residents . The seal under Mt . Fuji is about to wake up . If the innocent people want to survive, they should leave as soon as possible...;...; Almost all ordinary people in Japan couldn’t help but get shocked and questioned when they heard the news on the Internet . After all, Mount Fuji was one of Japan’s most important national symbols, which was also famous throughout the world . It was an active volcano across Shizuoka Prefecture and Yamanashi Prefecture . Under such a majestic mountain, there existed an ancient supernatural seal . If this news was spread by an average person, people would naturally ignore this, and the relevant personnel of the Japanese government wouldn’t even have to look into it . But now, not only the number of people spreading the news exceeded one million, but the key issuer turned out to be the Nightmare Samurai, which made many people living in the vicinity of Mount Fuji feel anxious and uneasy . Feeling afraid, some residents of Shizuoka Prefecture, Yamanashi Prefecture and even the major districts of Tokyo closer to Mount Fuji doubtfully choose to move out . At the same time, various extensions of the doomsday prophecies issued by the Nightmare Samurai were also widely being spread on the Internet . Some netizens said that since the Nightmare Samurai mentioned that there was a seal under Mount Fuji, it might be a powerful demon sealed in this active volcano, and it would be by no means an ordinary seal . A demon might be sealed in the depths of Mount Fuji to ensure that the it couldn’t escape . Some netizens mentioned the Fukushima nuclear radiation leaks a few years ago and exaggerated it to be a supernatural event, explaining the cause of the events . “On March 11th, 2011, the Great East Japan Earthquake with a magnitude of 9 on a Richter scale and the following huge tsunami caused devastating damage to Fukushima Prefecture and other places, triggering the nuclear leakage of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant...;...; This was just how the state covered up the truth and gave us the illusion of a disaster . ” “The real fact should be that many supernatural Buddhists in China could not keep the seal of the demon under Mount Fuji stable and let the latter seize the opportunity to break out from the seal, and the earthquake and tsunami were the aftermath of the battle between the two sides...;...;” “What? You don’t believe what I said? Then I ask you, do you know why there wasn’t any Buddhist monk coming out to help the disaster a month ago?” “Stupid, the reason is that as early as 2011, a large number of Buddhist monks have been killed in the bloody battle with the demon, so that they could barely re-seal it . ” “But things have changed . Today, the seal is about to be completely broken, hence the Nightmare Samurai warned us . The powerful demon will show up! Go hoard clean water and flee the country! The big cities near Mount Fuji will be shattered into ruins!” Some Japanese cultists who had long since fallen behind and whose lies had been exposed were not afraid to interpret the warning of Nightmare Samurai and publicize the ancient existence of the king of destruction that would wake up before the omnipotent Amaterasu to rule Japan...;...; The original Nostradamus prophecy made in 1999 became the stories made by the cultists as they scraped it together indiscriminately . These news on the Internet made ordinary people from the lower class fear, and the Japanese National Government had long had all the insights, but in the treatment of the so-called doomsday prophecy, different parliamentarians had different interests and opinions . Some parliamentarians questioned that assuming that the government should mobilize publicly to help hundreds of thousands of permanent residents in Shizuoka Prefecture and Yamanashi Prefecture move away, where should they be moved? How long would it take to move? Who could give an accurate time for a doomsday prophecy? Assuming that it wouldn’t come for several years, should these people wander outside? Should the government keep funding them? What’s more, it was equaled to the official endorsement of the doomsday prophecy made by the Nightmare Samurai! At the time, there were more than 20 million ordinary residents in various districts and cities in Tokyo, which was 100 kilometers away from Mount Fuji, so should they move away? Should we treat these residents in a different way? Should we move the residents of the two prefectures and ignore the citizens of Tokyo? No one dared to say anything since 20 million citizens of the capital accounted for one-sixth vote of all Japan . Some parliamentarians also raised objections . They claimed that the Nightmare Samurai had fore-warned them, so should they turn a blind eye toward the residents? Once the sealed monster under Mount Fuji appeared, everything would be too late . Even if the government couldn’t force them to move, couldn’t they at least help towards the propaganda? Of course, there were also a group of parliamentarians maintaining a neutral attitude because their family business, company land and other properties were far away from Mount Fuji, they thus were indifferent . Then, many parliamentarians had an argument, and the entire national parliament was as chaotic as the vegetable market . After 3 days, the parliamentarians forcibly reached a consensus in view that the Prime Minister was still ‘healing the disease’ in the United States with the coordination of the emperor . In other words, the Japanese government would definitely not help the people near Mt . Fuji move, and would never openly broadcast on TV programs or the Internet to promote that the sealed monster would show up . But they wouldn’t do nothing . Through the channels of experts, professors, news media and others, they would spread the news that the volcano Mount Fuji was active and expected to erupt in the near future, hence people near Mount Fuji should leave early . As for whether those people near Mount Fuji understood the risks and the willingness to leave early, the parliamentarians stated that it was none of their business as they had already fulfilled their responsibilities . Chapter 112 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 112: Close Attention of the Chinese Government</strong>  Since the doomsday prophecy made by Nightmare Samurai was aimed at Japan, the Japanese people were discussing it and there were numerous debates regarding the issue . As for the matter that the armor of the Nightmare Samurai talked, people were only slightly curious, but most of them either did not carefully study it or ignored it . But abroad, whether it was the United States or China, it aroused an unconventional concern . The United States attached importance because the emergence of Chiyou had verified the ideas of experts and professors who studied Chinese history as they wondered why the soul of Chiyou possessing the traditional Japanese samurai armor could bring the wearer back to life! On the Chinese side, they were concerned if the armor that could talk and self-proclaimed to be Dihong was really Chiyou and why Chiyou would suddenly appear in Japan . In the National Special Bureau headquarters, Director Guo frowned and looked extraordinarily dignified . A supernatural event happened in Japan inexplicably involved an ancient Chinese mythical figure Chiyou! It was said that the head No . 1 was shocked after hearing about the incident . But it wasn’t over yet . After knowing all the information about the Nightmare Samurai, the head No . 1 personally assigned the National Special Bureau the task of investigating the Japanese traditional warrior who claimed to be Dihong . So today, Director Guo had to put down his trivial matters and urgently convene the elites to discuss about it . Being annoyed, the office door was suddenly knocked, and the secretary came to report when all the staff were in the meeting room . Arriving at the meeting room and distributing a report about the armor on the Nightmare Samurai who claimed to be Dihong, Director Guo sat down and looked around . “The superior ordered that we must discover all the valuable information of the armor . Let’s take a look at the information and then sort out our ideas . We don’t have any time limit, so we must check it word-by-word in detail . ” Director Guo then began to allocate the respective tasks to each unit . The intelligence investigation department of Qin Wenhui, the section chief, was also assigned to a task to study whether it was Chiyou or not! Qin Wenhui separated the task into 2 sections, one to investigate who Dihong was, and the other to search whether Dihong was Chiyou . With the release of the task, the sounds of tying on the keyboards in the Intelligence Investigation Section became endless . Qin Wenhui also began to search the intranet . After several days of hard work, all the members of the Intelligence Investigation Section, including Qin Wenhui, were tired and had bloodshot eyes, but they finalized a paper with complete rigorous information and each argument was well documented . The title was ‘On whether Dihong is Chiyou’ . Before submitting to the head No . 1, Director Guo considered it necessary to check first . “Over the past, in the history books of all Chinese dynasties, there have been many historians who have researched and thought about the relationship between this person Dihong and Chiyou . ” “Some historians believe that Dihong is Chiyou, but some firmly believe that Dihong is Dihong, Chiyou is Chiyou, and they’re different . ” “What is the relationship between Di Hong and Chi You? Today, we will completely solve this mystery...;...;” “The earliest record about Dihong is from the ‘Historical Records’ written by Sima Qian, that was stated in, ‘Historical Records of the Five Emperors’ . ” “It is well known that the historians of the Han Dynasty paid great attention to etiquette to those who could be named in the history of the Qing Dynasty . This etiquette doesn’t equal to the politeness we are talking about now, but the identity of the famous figure that must meet the Rites of Zhou!” “What was the Rites of Zhou? Everything in the world must follow this etiquette . ” “When the Confucian disciples of the Han Dynasty advocated the Rites of Zhou, Sima Qian, who was influenced by Confucianism, must have known this . Therefore, in the process of compiling Historical Records, he must not violate the rules . All the information of all the characters is in accordance with what they did during their lifetime . ” “Let’s revisit Dihong . ” “Di, meaning emperor in Chinese, Sima Qian should know that this was the supreme status, and it was impossible for an ordinary prince to describe their identity with this word . ” “Hong, meant a large bird in Chinese . ” “As for Chiyou, many have different opinions, but there are two very different views . ” “First, people think that Chiyou may have been the subordinate of Emperor Yan or once joined the tribal alliance headed by Emperor Yan, but later Chiyou and Emperor Yan clashed fiercely and Chiyou eventually defeated Emperor Yan . ” “Second, Chiyou is the descendant of Emperor Yan . The two belong to the same tribe, and their names are the title of the tribe or its leader . Emperor Huang first defeated Emperor Yan’s tribe in the wilderness, the Chiyou tribe as a descendant of Emperor Yan, fought against Emperor Huang . ” “Here, after we verified it, we believe the second view . ” “Emperor Yan is the king of fire who advocated the sun . Chiyou, as a member of Emperor Yan’s tribe, not only belonged to the king of fire, but also the ancestor of the east, so he absolutely lived up to the word ‘Emperor’ . ” “Together, only Emperor Yan himself or one of his descendants who made a significant contribution can be called Dihong . ” “And Chiyou himself, as the descendant of Emperor Yan, the chief and the ancestor of the three tribes, does have this qualification to be self-proclaimed as an emperor . ” “It is true that some historical books record that Emperor Huang was also called Dihong, but we have learned from many sides that everything was owned by the winner once the tribal leader was defeated in the ancient times . ” “For example, the dragon totem of our Chinese nation was the result that Emperor Huang defeated numerous powerful tribal clans and collected the cultures of the latter clans . ” “So we affirmed that Dihong was originally Chiyou’s name, but after he was defeated, Emperor Huang received everything of the loser, including Chiyou’s name Dihong . It is not surprising for Emperor Huang to become his new honorary title, hence it is not contradictory to argument . ” Chapter 113 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 113: Ten Suns</strong>  Hu Feng looked down on Mount Fuji in Japan from the perspective of God . The highest peak in Japan, known as the Saint Mount, was the symbol of the Japanese nation . The volcano with a height of 3775 . 63 meters had been taken over by the Japanese government’s Self-Defense Force from its roots to the peak, and every inch of land was inspected and explored by scientific researchers with precision instruments . A large number of recruited onmyojis also applied the spell of investigation under the command of the relevant man in charge to find out what was sealed inside . Obviously, since the doomsday prophecy was made, and it had been widely spread, Mount Fuji became a top priority . The Fuji Mountain Scenic Area, which was originally opened to the public, was now set as a military restricted area . In the sky, multiple helicopters and fighter aircrafts were hovering day and night to search for suspicious objects on the ground . Every key pass point near Mount Fuji was guarded by type-90 tanks of the Self-Defense Forces’ main battle tank division, and they did not allow anyone without a pass to pass . The side of Mount Fuji adjacent to the Pacific Ocean was blocked by the most advanced Marine Self-Defense Forces . After all, the politicians and chaebols, who believed in atheism, couldn’t ignore or neglect these supernatural things after the Hyakkiyakou since no one wanted a powerful supernatural monster out of nowhere who suddenly emerged and easily wiped out his family members or land property . The trace of the Nightmare Samurai was hard to find, but no politicians could sleep well until they found out the authenticity of his doomsday prophecy! It was precisely why Hu Feng, who had the perspective on God, could witness such a spectacular view . “The last scene, let’s get started . ” Looking at Mount Fuji, Hu Feng thought . The cloudless sky began to turn bloody red . Every inch of land on the mountain was violently shaking, the mountain rock collapsed, the self-defense army soldiers, onmyojis and researchers fell on the ground, and some even submerged into the boulders or fell into the cracks . Needless to say, everyone could see that Mount Fuji was shaking and collapsing . Small animals such as rabbits and squirrels madly rushed out, and they even turned a blind eye to humans, who they always tried to hide from . Birds between the shrubs and bats deep in the caves flew away as if winter came early or their natural enemies were approaching . The vegetation and moss fixed in place quickly withered at the speed visible to the naked eye . The supreme commander in charge of the military restricted area of ​​Mount Fuji had to order everyone to evacuate immediately after being shocked and panicked for a while . The blood redness over Mount Fuji began to spread as if ink had fallen into clear water . After a while, the sky above the entire country of Japan turned bloody red . A variety of strange, grotesque distorted figures of ghosts and demons were looming in this bloody red sky, as if to perform a dumb show for the public! Even if watching for a little while, anyone would feel that his mind seemed to be attracted to the sky and got swallowed up by the demons . Therefore, no one dared to look at the sky anymore . The high-hanging red sun in the sky not only stopped providing warmth to the earth, the position of the sun itself began to distort . Then, under the astounding gaze of numerous Japanese people, the distortion of the sun gradually stopped, but a new sun appeared high in the sky . Like an illusion, with the second sun appearing, people felt that the two sun couldn’t provide warmth, and the temperature became more lower . But this was not over yet! The first sun began to distort the space once again . Not long after, another red sun appeared in the sky...;...; In the following time, meteorological satellites from all over Japan and even the world discovered a horrible fact . On the surface of Japan, in addition to the strange and bloody sky like the Milky Way, there were 10 red suns hanging high and illuminating sunshine without any warmth on every inch of Japanese land . However, in the territory of other countries in the world, there was still only one sun, and the sunshine was still warm . At the same time, there was no thunder and cloud, but it began to rain heavily on the land of Japan . The color of this raindrop was not the usual colorless and odorless like in the past, but like the red blood rain, which would quickly blend into the body after falling on the exposed skin . People drenched with excessive bloody rain only felt that their five senses were blurred, infinite screams of ghosts echoed in their ears, whispers of ghosts began to appear in their minds . People with weak willpower had either become completely vassal, irrationally destroying all the buildings they saw, or mourning on the ground . Seeing the unfortunate experience of people around, the vast majority of people desperately sought to hide as far as possible to prevent their bodies from being exposed to the bloody rain, or getting directly exposed to the ten suns . Ten red suns illuminated the ground from different angles, resulting in the phenomena of overlayed shadows of buildings in the major cities of Japan . People in black walked out of the shadows of ordinary buildings . They were gender-neutral and had no facial features . They wore uniforms of black ninja costumes and were equipped with darts, shurikens and kunais . Slightly looking around, these shadow ninjas who had no eyes at all seemed to be looking for their own goals, completely ignored the ordinary people close at hand, and ran freely on the streets, or climbed with shadow hooks on the buildings . Some residents who witnessed these ninjas leaving quickly picked up their mobile phones and began to call the local police station, the hotlines of the parliamentarians, etc . , hoping that the national government could control these humanoid monsters . Chapter 114 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 114: Forbidden Spells</strong>  The telephone lines of the National Meteorological Agency and the local police stations were all occupied at this moment . Residents near Mount Fuji were at unease to ask whether it was just an earthquake, why was there a strange bloody sky and how did ten suns appear, and what was the strange rain that made people crazy . In addition, many asked the police for protection agianst the monster ninjas . But when the police and the Self-Defense Forces fought against the shadow ninjas, they found that hot weapons didn’t work on the latter . On the contrary, the shadow ninjas could not only show up from within the shadows at any time, but also freely attack and kill them . Their shurikens and kunais were also lethal, and there was nowhere left to escape . After a fierce battle, a large number of police and military personnel had to retreat . Not bothering to catch them, the shadow ninjas ignored people around them and prepared to go hunt for the onmyojis . At the same time, less than 100,000 onmyojis received warning notification from the endowing notebooks at the same time: The ancient powerful evil that couldn’t be called by its real name, [Orachimaru], will wake up completely from the Mount Fuji after six hours . It’s dark servant [Shadow Ninjas] have begun to be resurrected, they have the ability to enter and leave the shadows, and kill every onmyoji . The 3 Japanese ancestral artifacts can cause lethal damage to them . Like numerous onmyoji, Ono Sumika was so shocked that she couldn’t close her mouth while reading the warning! The reason was because of the name [Orachimaru]! As early as becoming an onmyoji, Ono Sumika had discussed what kind of powerful demon might be the powerful evil that couldn’t be called with its real name with a group of onmyojis, some onmyojis mentioned at that time had mentioned Orachimaru . But no one then thought it would be right because in the Japanese myths, it was killed and people found an artifact from its tail, which then they named it Kusanagi Sword, which later became renowned as one of the three Japanese artifacts . But now . Such a powerful monster would appear from Mount Fuji in six hours, so how are the onmyojis supposed to control it again? Even Ono Sumika, now known as the best onmyoji, had no such courage . When dealing with the Shuten-doji, they didn’t have such psychological burden since someone had already accomplished it during the Heian era . But now, they had to face Orachimaru, which even the gods in Takamagahara barely defeated! Frowning, Ono Sumika only felt tricky and difficult to face this situation . Upset, she suddenly realized that many strange figures showed up behind her, she thus shouted subconsciously . “Who? Who are you?” Without any answer, five shurikens flew over in the same direction . Sizing up, she found that the opponents were five shadows without the facial features and were dressed like ninjas! Casting onmyoji spell to protect herself, Ono Sumika turned quickly to battle . Since she had improved rapidly after Hyakkiyakou and had the unilateral infinite demon power supply from the shikigami Royal Nine-tailed Fox, Ono Sumika killed them very easily . After their death, the five ninjas turned rotten sharply, as if they had re-integrated into their shadows . “...;...;Are they the Shadow Ninjas, the servants of Orachimaru, that the endowing notebook just reminded me?” Recalling the information she had just read, Ono Sumika felt awkward . Ono Sumika opened the endowing notebook and entered the onmyoji forum . Sure enough, those who suffered the attacks of the shadow ninjas like her had posted in the forum and expressed their feelings . “I almost died! The shadow ninja’s kunai pierced my skin, and it was only a few centimeters from my heart . Fortunately, I killed that guy in time!” “Everyone, please pay attention! When I was fighting these servants, I found that they could move invisibly as long as they touched the shadows . I was almost killed by the shadow ninjas behind me . ” “It’s best not to be alone! I was alone and besieged by three shadow ninjas in a room . If I didn’t have a shikigami who come out in time to block the darts, I would have been dead now!” Some onmyojis who had turned themselves to the Japanese government couldn’t wait to stand out and publicize . “Don’t be afraid! Join the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department . Dozens of onmyoji colleagues will accompany you 24-7 . From now on, you will no longer be afraid of any shadow ninja . Enjoy the super high benefits...;...;” Responding to him were fling abuses or ignorance . Ono Sumika put away the endowing notebook and became anxious . With 5 hours left, how should I deal with Orachimaru? The 8-footed Jade they borrowed from the emperor was gone as Nine-tailed Fox disappeared after wearing it . Could they seal or suppress Orachimaru again with the two remaining artifacts? Since having no such power like the gods of Takamagahara, Ono Sumika was afraid to accept the reality . “Calm down, I must stay calm!” As an onmyoji for so long, Ono Sumika also read a lot of metaphysical books on onmyojis, knowing that the ancient demons such as Orachimaru or Tsukumogamis could directly plunder the spirits, eat flesh and blood, and feed on [fear] that human had which would greatly enhance the strength of the demons . If the onmyojis once had [fear], they would not only be unable to defeat Orachimaru, but also provide a new power to the latter . In front of Hu Feng, Ono Sumika’s thoughts were exposed to him . Hu Feng actually gave her a forged memory that Abe no Seimei gave a powerful forbidden spell to his descendants . Ono Sumika suddenly hit upon the idea as she recalled that her ancestor gave her the forbidden spell through the 8-footed Jade in the Imperial Palace, but she almost ignored it since she was eager to fight against the Shuten-doji then! “Although this forbidden spell costs a lot, as the best onmyoji in Japan, if I give up, can I count on others to stand up and fight against Orachimaru?” “It’s urgent, I should make a decision quickly!” With a little consideration, Ono Sumika rushed to the Imperial Palace, not only for the two remaining artifacts, but also for the preparation of the necessary materials for the forbidden spell . Chapter 115 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 115: Sasuke</strong>  In the face of the ten suns and bloody rain, the emperor feared and could not help but think of the bad weather which seemed similar, when the Hyakkiyakou took place . But unlike the Hyakkiyakou, the disaster this time seemed to be more exaggerated because the Shuten-doji was defeated by the ordinary people in annals of the history, but the Orachimaru was so strong that even the God of Sea took it seriously . As Ono Sumika, the best onmyoji in Japan, voluntarily came to seek the 2 remaining artifacts, she seemed to be willing to prepare for the forbidden spell in person to deal with the Orachimaru, listening to this the emperor was overjoyed, hence he handed her the other two artifacts, and ordered to prepare the materials as soon as possible . In fact, the emperor wanted to ask the United States Joint Fleet to help, but the two countries were too far away, hence they couldn’t arrived in Japan in less than six hours . As for the Navy Self-Defense Forces, the emperor believed in their loyalty, but didn’t believe in their combat effectiveness . In desperation, the emperor found that he had to rely on Ono Sumika, ​​so he was so generous . 4 hours later, under Mount Fuji, a large number of construction workers gathered here temporarily and started building a grand altar towering into the sky under the personal guidance of Ono Sumika . A large number of truck drivers transported fresh blood that had been urgently taken out from the blood bank, and poured down the liquid along the grains of the ground of the altar . Looking down from above, tens of thousands of tons of blood made the altar like an island floating on the sea of ​​blood, and the pungent bloody smell made people feel both disgusting and strange . Thousands of witches, priests, and famous figures of the shrines in Tokyo all followed the will of the emperor and unconditionally obeyed the arrangement of Ono Sumika, wore kimonos, held bamboo leaf fans, stood on the altar, and performed the traditional Japanese Kagura dance . To put it bluntly, the memory of forbidden spell that Hu Feng gave to Ono Sumika was in fact the spirit possession, which was a way to allow the gods to possess their bodies according to records . But unlike the Chinese spirit possession, Hu Feng specially added many traditional Japanese features and expanded the scale to make it look extraordinary . From the view of Ono Sumika, she had already learned from the lucky cat that there wouldn’t be any blasphemy even if she failed the spirit possession . What’s more, it was impossible for her to defeat the Orachimaru, so she could only pray that God of Sea could possess her body . She now only had a slight chance to succeed in the ceremony of spirit possession, but what if she succeeded? If she succeeded, would she be qualified to fight against the Orachimaru and protect the Japanese people? Thinking of this, Ono Sumika took a deep breath, put the Kusanagi Sword and 8-footed Mirror on the altar, and returned to the center of the altar, letting the religious figures around her continue to perform the Kagura dance . She began to sing and read prayer spell quickly . “Aspirations, the God of Sea...;...;” As she recited the spell, the demon power drawn through the shikigami contract was consumed rapidly, and the invisible waves began to spread, as if they were about to be heard in the heaven . The most obvious change on the entire altar was the wind . It was not the breeze from the daily life, nor the cool breeze at night...;...; The sudden wind blew around the altar as every pore on their bodies could feel its chill . Those who were performing the Kagura dance even vaguely felt that there seemed to be a pair of invisible eyes staring at them from the darkness . But when these dancers tried to look for the eyes, they couldn’t find them anyway . “Did we really please the gods? He is watching us?” Not daring to be careless, the performers were highly concentrated, and they didn’t stop performing . Under the altar, in the ditches like grains on the ground, the blood suddenly bubbled and began to boil . Ono Sumika was still praying, and strong wind started blowing accompanied by her tone . As all the bloody scent dissipated, the wind also knocked down the performers, forcing them to stop the Kagura dance . And the blood on the ground was also boiling to the extreme . The rising turbulence was unified in the altar behind Ono Sumika, and a huge blood-colored giant with a height of kilometer was rapidly being born . “I’m the God of the Sea, Sasuke!” Dazzling brilliance illuminated near him, there seemed to a voice roaring, and the sound seemed to be imprinted in the listeners’ hearts . “Blood is water . According to his look, he should be the God of the Sea, Sasuke!” “The god has come to the world!” “One of the three most powerful gods of Takamagahara! Ono Senpai can actually summon the god!” Many people heard the news, and the onmyojis watching in the distance also hurriedly bowed . After all, Japanese believed in spiritual things, hence this grand scene really shocked everyone, especially the emperor, who claimed himself to be the descendant of Amaterasu! In Japanese mythology, Sasuke was the younger brother of Amaterasu, thus the emperor was so excited that he almost fainted when seeing the God of the Sea, Sasuke . And those ordinary Chapter 116 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Sorry no chapters last few days, because of no internet...; &gt; . &gt;</strong>  <strong>Chapter 116: Orachimaru</strong>  After roaring, the huge kilometer-high blood-colored giant not only shrank at a speed visible to naked eye, but also began to stick on the body surface of Ono Sumika . In just a few moments, the scarlet giant had shrunk into a 160-centimeter-tall female figure . Like a layer of armor, the blood-colored figure that accommodated Ono Sumika was dark red as tens of thousands of tons of blood were all compressed inside . As Ono Sumika touched the blood-colored figure with her limbs, face and nose, she felt infinitely heavy and stable, but it didn’t affect her normal exhalation or speaking action at all . With the action of moving her limbs, Ono Sumika could feel the infinite power hidden in her body as all kinds of magical spells seemed easy to cast . Reaching out her hands, the Kusanagi Sword and 8-footed Mirror all fell into her hands . Staring at Mount Fuji in front, she could even see through the infinite layers of soil, seeing the black-mist-like Orachimaru hidden and sleeping in the depths of the earth . “It is no wonder that we couldn’t find it with the means of science and technology . It turned out that its body was inconsistently being transformed . The seal would be destroyed in 30 minutes . At that moment, its real body will rush out of Mount Fuji...;...;” With the success of spirit possession, the ability brought by the incarnation of Sasuke enabled Sumika to judge the situation of the Orachimaru . “If I fight against it, the land will suffer a lot . Before the war, I will first cast spells to protect Japan . ” As the Orachimaru had not completely escaped from the seal, Sumika already flew to 10,000 meters high in the sky, cast a spell, and endless sea ​​water rushed over to the shores like a tsunami . But unlike the indiscriminate destruction of the tsunamis in the past, these tsunami waves immediately formed blue shelters after approaching the cities and began to shroud all coastal cities and living humans . The tide still advanced like an eternal motive with infinite power, and the shelters appeared one after another, almost covering the whole surface of Japan except Mt . Fuji . “It’s amazing...;...;” Compared with the formations built by numerous onmyojis together with tons of efforts during the Hyakkiyakou, she set the shelters a lot way easier after being possessed by the God of the Sea . However, she didn’t expect that the shelters aroused an unimaginable panic in Japan before the emergence of the Orachimaru . Some thought that everyone was about to be engulfed by a natural disaster like the Hyakkiyakou, and the blue cage that stopped people from getting out was the evidence! Some whimsy people considered that everyone in this city had crossed into the world of Shingeki no Kyojin, but the so-called giant wall that protected humans had been replaced by seawater prisons that restricted people from entering and exiting? In order to appease the people, the emperor and Japanese politicians urgently broadcasted the situation from Mt . Fuji with satellite signals, and insisted the various news media to promote that the blue seawater curtain that covered the entire surface of Japan wasn’t a bad thing, but meant to serve as a protector . As for Ono Sumika, she was even praised by the emperor in front of everyone . The emperor claimed that the demon mentioned by the nightmare samurai in the doomsday prophecy was also no match for Sasuke as it was just the Orachimaru that once got killed . Sasuke would definitely help Ono Sumika repeat the same history, and once again eradicate the Orachimaru . Internationally, the strange phenomena that happened in Japan in recent days had also caused other countries to smell the possibility of another supernatural event, hence they had adjusted their satellites to monitor the Japanese land . After 30 minutes, Mount Fuji started to shake! This mountain, which collapsed more than 6 hours ago, seemed to have reached the end of its life, was completely smashed, a huge snake came out from the ground . As it came under the ten suns, its huge appearance was completely presented to the world . Eight triangular horrible snake heads, pale and sharp bone spurs stood on both sides of the snake heads, and the pointed teeth, dazzling scales, the body with the length over thousands of feet, and the tail that arbitrarily slapped the ruins of Mount Fuji . In its mouth, bright red tongues tipped out, and a terrible smell fluttered in the wind . Whether it was tree vegetation or a building, as long as it touched the putrid air, it would be turned into muddy swamps . Even if you didn’t experience it personally, you could still feel its arrogance from TVs or mobile phones . When ordinary humans faced tigers or lions in a zoo, they would be afraid when seeing them at a close distance since it evoked the invisible fear from the ancient genes, the fear of a person who faced top-level predators in the wild . Even if it wasn’t a mythical legendary monster, its large body would still bring endless shock and fear . Eight heads couldn’t help but size up Ono Sumika in midair, and her shadow was reflected in the lantern-like scarlet pupils of the Orachimaru . “You smell familiar . It’s interesting . ” “Orachimaru! In the past, Sasuke could kill you . Today I inherit the magical power, and I will repeat the history with the Kusanagi Sword!” Shaking her wrist, the Kusanagi Sword appeared, the sword pointed towards the Orachimaru close at hand, and Ono Sumika shouted solemnly . “Kusanagi Sword? Orachimaru?” The most middle of the snake head was obviously slightly stunned . Sticking its tongue out, each face of the snake heads could not help but seem to be wondering . “Go to hell!” Not going to talk nonsense, Ono Sumika stabbed towards the nearest snake head with the Kusanagi Sword, and the sword whistled in the wind . Instead of hurting all its fingers, she should break one of them! Ono Sumika thought so . Chapter 117 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 117: Crucial Time</strong>  When the Kusanagi Sword almost stabbed its eye, its pupil flashed with a red light and the gloomy coldness began to spread . Eight heads opened their mouths and spat out endless coldness, the ink-like stinky water was spurted out, and the sky suddenly turned dark . Ono Sumika was very close to the Orachimaru, but she was already unable to approach it . The dull feeling shrouded her mind, and she only felt the need to supply a large amount of demon power, otherwise the sheltered body of the incarnation of Sasuke would break sooner or later . “You’re blind, I am not the Orachimaru, and that weapon is not the Kusanagi Sword . It falls in your hands, and it really humiliates the soldiers from the past!” ‘Orachimaru’ twisted its snake heads, and 8 heads approached Ono Sumika to stop her way of retreat from different angles . Its proud and overbearing words seemed that it had attempted to kill Ono Sumika and seize the Kusanagi Sword . “Don’t be too crazy!” Ono Sumika flashed with dazzling light, her whole person was integrated with the Kusanagi Sword, and the acceleration provided by Sasuke and her spells made her speed reach the limit . ‘Orachimaru’ was not shocked but spat its tongues out indifferently . “Who are you? It turns out that you’re a descendant of the indigenous gods . No wonder that you feel familiar . ” “In the past, the indigenous gods attacked and sealed me when I was injured . Today, I will let you pay for this!” Twisting its body in a smart way, the Orachimaru immediately started fighting against Ono Sumika . The Japanese people and even the foreign governments watching what happened in Mount Fuji only felt extraordinarily confused! The Orachimaru didn’t admit that it was the Orachimaru, and it even faintly revealed that the sword Ono Sumika was holding was not the Kusanagi Sword . Is there any hidden myth? Those sensitive people had already noticed it . Ono Sumika was electric fast as she kept stabbing on its body and every attack was aimed at its weakest part . However, in addition to consuming a lot of demon power, the Orachimaru wasn’t anxious, but kept dodging with ease . Everyone could see that Ono Sumika wasn’t on the upper hand . Even when Sumika wanted to stop close combat and quickly distanced from the Orachimaru, so that she could cast a Sasuke’s wide-ranged spell, it would immediately approach, hence she couldn’t get the chance . “It won’t work like this . I can’t do this for a long time . ” Perceiving that the body of the incarnation of Sasuke had already consumed two-fifths of the strength, Sumika bit her teeth and resisted one slap of the snake tail, then she quickly distanced from it . Even the sacred body of Sasuke took most of the force, the remaining force still made Sumika couldn’t help but vomit blood . Quick inspecting her body, Sumika found that her internal organs had been displaced and her spleen was almost broken . Taking advantage of this moment, Sumika raised her hand to cast a spell for the treatment, stood upright, held the sword with both hands over her head, and the surging airflow started gathering . The Orachimaru apparently noticed that she was attempting to cast her ultimate spell, but it didn’t interrupt her . On the contrary, it also prepared to attack . “Izayoi Slash!” Infusing almost all the power of Sasuke to the spell, the sword was flickering, she slashed the sword down overbearingly, pink cherry blossoms followed the sword, and the deep night seemed to be oozing from sword light . The dazzling and gorgeous attack overwhelmed everyone . Even if the sky was filled with ten suns and the blood rain, it seemed to be completely torn by the sword . It could be said that Sumika’s attack showed her determination . But unfortunately, her opponent seemed to be more unpredictable and skillful . Faced with the shocking attack, there was no fear and despair in the pupils of the Orachimaru, on the contrary, there was infinite brilliance . The blood rain was getting more and more dense, and the 10 suns were becoming more dazzling . Bathing in the sky was most suitable for its own body, Orachimaru moved and winded in the air, and loud whistles burst in the air . In an instant, the eight snake heads unified and raided as their sharp teeth which were dazzling . The speed at which it stroke was at least three times greater than before! Sumika had no time to react since the body of Sasuke was destroyed by brute forces from the outside to the inside, and she couldn’t attack anymore...;...; A horrible snake head bit the sword from the side with sharp teeth, and she became helpless . “You will die!” Sumika fell into desperation because she had already seen the bloody mouth that rushed towards her and heard the conclusion that Orachimaru put . Most of the Japanese people who were watching with mobile phones and TVs couldn’t help but turn their heads at the moment as they were too sad to watch anymore . Even the best onmyoji was no match for the Orachimaru with the help of the incarnation of Sasuke . Some people even wrote their suicide notes, and even considered whether they should commit suicide because they really didn’t want to end up being eaten by the Orachimaru like Ono Sumika . The foreign governments that secretly observed the battle in Mount Fuji through satellites had convened an emergency meeting . Some heads of states also secretly made up their minds that they should immediately establishes a blockade line at the border once Japan was really ravaged by this giant multi-headed snake, if necessary, they would bombard it with direct remote nuclear weapons . When almost everyone thought that Ono Sumika was dead, a figure that no one could imagine showed up in the air! Chapter 118 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 118: Gong Gong bumped into Buzhou Mountain</strong>  In that instant, the Orachimaru couldn’t move its teeth anymore . “What? It’s him!” “How can it be?” “Nightmare Samurai!” The Orachimaru turned its head slightly, stared at the face of Hu Feng, who wore a cattle-faced mask and the Japanese traditional samurai armor, and its pupils looked scary . “You dare to stop me . Are you also one of the descendants of the indigenous gods?” Grabbing the collar of Ono Sumika with one hand, he shook his hand gently, and Sumika’s 8-footed Mirror immediately fell into his hands . He threw her safely to the ground as he cast a spell to protect her, then laughed and shook his head . “Descendant of indigenous gods? Ridiculous! Orachimaru, listen carefully!” Hu Feng then solemnly said . “I am the descendant of Emperor Yan . My name is Jiang Li!” “Wow, in the past, I used to be the subordinate of Gong Gong, the descendant of Emperor Yan . Under the emperor’s order, I led my people to turn everywhere we traveled into flooded lands . ” The Orachimaru twisted its body and said awe-inspiringly . “But I never thought that I could meet a royal family member in this foreign country . I am not the Orachimaru, my real name is Xiangliu! ” “Since I was chased by Dayu, all my people died, and one of my heads was also cut off . I couldn’t find the emperor, thus I was forced to flee overseas . ” “When I was ill and weak, an indigenous god stole the emperor weapon on my tail, and he sealed it, hence I barely got out of trouble . ” “The indigenous gods seemed to perform some godly power on me, hence my appearance changed . ” Speaking of this, Xiangliu also raised its snake head biting the Kusanagi Sword, and apparently told Hu Feng that he was the weapon of Gong Gong, but his appearance has been tampered with . Very strangely, no matter whether it was the nightmare samurai or Xiangliu, the language they used was not Japanese, nor Chinese Mandarin or any widely spoken language in the world, but everyone in the world could understand what they meant as long as they heard them . In view of this, the entire Japanese nation was staring amazedly in front of the screen . “What? The powerful demon Orachimaru mentioned in myths of my country was not a local thing? Who’s Xiangliu?” “How is this possible? It’s seems too incredible to believe!” “Fake! I don’t believe there has been no Orachimaru!” “Stupid! This is absolutely impossible to be true! What about the prize of Sasuke, the Kusanagi Sword given by Amaterasu, does it not exist? This must be a Chinese conspiracy! Emperor, please, you must come out to clarify the facts!” In fact, not only many Japanese people were astonished, but even many went crazy about it, and they weren’t ready to believe it . In China, through satellite observations, the head No . 1 and the top officials of the national special bureau couldn’t believe it either! The Orachimaru in the Japanese mythology was actually the fierce beast Xiangliu mentioned in the Chinese records? Also known as Gong Gong, the emperor of the river who controls the floods? To the head No . 1, these were exaggerating the records, not the facts . There was too much ambiguity in the stories of Gong Gong and Xiangliu, though Dayu might have really dealt with the flooding, but it was just an ordinary story . Although it was spectacular at that moment, which was worthy of being recorded, many governments had dealt with flooding in the past dynasties, so it wasn’t special . But when they learned about the existence of this living Xiangliu through satellite signals, about the history from the past, they were amazed! Xiangliu really existed, Gong Gong and Dayu might have really existed too . Then was the folk that Gong Gong bumped into Buzhou Mountain real? Director Guo, who accompanied the head No . 1, couldn’t help but mutter . “In the past, Gong Gong competed for the throne, hence he got angry and bumped into Buzhou Mountain...;...;” Director Guo started trembling because he was very clear that the myth [Nuwa repaired the pillars of the heavens] came after the myth [Gong Gong bumped into Buzhou Mountain] . Judging from the current situation in mainland China, it was obvious that the [sky] was complete and unobtrusive . That is to say, does Nuwa really exist? Has she ever repaired the pillars of the heavens? If that is the case, was the legend [Nuwa created mankind] real? Darwin’s theoretical conjectures that states that monkeys walked out of the forest and evolved into mankind million years ago was it illusory? Or does it only apply to Western civilization, and Eastern civilization is completely different? Deeply pondering, Director Guo was confused . The head No . 1 and others also became speechless . If the myths were fake, then naturally no one cared about it . At this moment, it seemed that they were something real, hence the leaders of the country had to carefully consider the endless pressure the mythical characters would bring to society and the country if they came into reality . Although Gong Gong and Dayu were absent, there was still an ancient fierce beast Xiangliu in Japan . If this guy had a whim and returned to his hometown to take a look, everyone was terrified as they didn’t know the threat that modern weapons could pose on the ancient beast . Picking up the internal communication phone in the office, the head No . 1 began his order . “Ask the PLA staff, the National Five-Year Plan think tank, all members of the State Council’s Central Policy Research Office and other institutions to conduct an investigation and evaluation on Xiangliu . ” “I don’t want to hear anyone complaining . Even if it’s just a satellite image, I want to see it as soon as possible . Verify the defensive capability of the skin of Xiangliu, whether it is radiation-resistant, whether it is immune to bullets, etc . ” “And don’t let go of any historical myths and legends about Xiangliu . Be sure to find out the way to defend against Xiangliu in the shortest time...;...;” “The intercontinental missile nuclear weapons launching bases in Liaoning, Heilongjiang, Zhejiang and other places, all enter the second-level threat situation . Military satellites must always pay attention to Xiangliu . If it has any intention to leave Japan, immediately report to me directly!” Chapter 119 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 119: I Withdrew from Society, but where do I Belong now !</strong>  Hearing the origins of Xiangliu, Hu Feng pretended to be a little surprised, and he deliberately crooned . “Since you’re one of the descendants of the emperor of the river, why don’t you become my subordinate and strive for another success?” Xiangliu seemed to hear the funniest joke in his life as he shook his head and twisted his body, laughing and making fun of Hu Feng . “Though I came from a royal family, I have none of cultivation base . Do you dare to recruit me?” Hu Feng pretended to be irritated as he didn’t say any word . Ten suns shone brightly, his shadow became sharply lengthened and distorted visible to the naked eye . In just a few short breaks, a three-headed, six-armed, bull-headed and 10,000-meter-tall humanoid figure with horns on his head, swelled from the back of Hu Feng and thundered . “If it’s not okay for the descendants of Emperor Huang, what about me?” With the emergence of the humanoid shadow, the illusion of the ten suns in the sky also disappeared . At that moment when the real sun was revealed, violent wind raged and dark clouds shrouded the environment as it stunned so many people in front of the screen, and they even had difficulty talking . “What is going on? What is that humanoid shadow? Is it the spirit of the nightmare samurai? But I have never ever seen it or even heard about it before?” When most ordinary Japanese people were shocked, the top Chinese leaders and officials from the United States, who had previously investigated and studied Jiang Li, could roughly guess that the figure of the three-headed six-armed giant humanoid shadow should be Chiyou . “Who are you?” Witnessing his own elaborate spell getting solved, the eight heads of Xiangliu flashed in the air and shivered with fear and high vigilance . “I am Dihong!” The humanoid shadow asked, and his voice hurt the eardrums of numerous audience in front of the screens . Before he finished the sentence, he reached out his hand and grabbed in the air . The Kusanagi Sword, which was originally bitten by Xiangliu, trembled and shined with red light as if it was inspired by its real master, burning Xiangliu so that he had to let go of it . The Kusanagi Sword turned into a streamer and went straight to the left hand of the humanoid shadow who self-proclaimed himself as Dihong . Slightly bowing, the humanoid shadow gently reached out and touched the Kusanagi Sword, sighing . “I withdrew from society, but where do I belong . ” Though his face was dark, people watching in front of the screens could feel the sadness of a retired hero who recalled his glorious past at the moment . Hearing his empathetic words, many Japanese people with low psychological tolerance started shedding tears unconsciously and felt sorry for the humanoid shadow . “Why are you exactly? You dared to fool me with the name of Dihong! That hero has already died in the hands of Emperor Huang!” Xiangliu slightly bowed his body, and all his heads were adjusted to the state that he could attack at any time . “Emperor Huang? Ha!” Seeming to touch his raw nerve, the humanoid shadow snorted and shouted loudly . “Since I, Dihong, am resurrected, I must recover the ashes!” Xiangliu couldn’t help but say sarcastically . “Such a nice joker, huh? You won’t tell me your name, it’s fine . But you still dare to lie to me?” The Chinese leaders understood the conversation right away as they caught the sarcastic meaning . In the White House, President Trump couldn’t understand it at first but he eventually got it right after the translators helped him . “Emperor Huang is dead . If his descendants are still alive, I will look for them!” Thunder immediately rumbled loudly as if the whole world was witnessing the speech of the humanoid shadow! In China, all the leaders who knew his exact identity as Chiyou got stunned by his statement . “The head...;...;will he go after us in the future...;...;” “Japan is just the Yamato nation, but we Chinese people are descendants of Emperor Huang . Did he really mean this?” Quickly wiping the sweat on his forehead, Director Guo, whose back was already soaked with sweat, couldn’t help but whisper . The head No . 1 head looked slightly angry . “Mind your business! Don’t worry about it!” Before Xiangliu could react, the 10,000-meter-tall humanoid figure who claimed to be Dihong reached out, and the 8-footed Mirror in the hands of Hu Feng flew into his hands . Circulating his own breath into it, the treasure suddenly shone with brilliance and burst out a beam towards the sun in the sky Taking a look at the beam, even those who didn’t witness it at the scene felt that their mind was following the beam into the sun and burning into nothingness! In the control centers of all the astronomical bureaus, space agencies, space stations, etc . , the machine alarms and reminders sounded endlessly . Chapter 120 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 120: Totem of Zodiacs</strong>  A few seconds later, the beam seemed to become completely stable and had been connected to the sun . Released from his hand, the 8-footed Mirror was still suspended in the air, and the humanoid shadow sent the Kusanagi Sword towards this dazzling beam . In an instant, the Kusanagi Sword was rapidly melting and deformed, as if the snow-capped mountains got exposed to the scorching sun . Soon, a blade burning with red streamer and engraved with a sutra was slowly reformed . There were some cracks on its surface, seeming to inadvertently show that it consumed extremely high energy when connecting the sun and entering the beam . The humanoid figure held the blade with his left hand, his right hand grabbed in the air, and another similar long blade was born out of thin air . Holding the blade with both hands, he waved them in the air, which immediately rolled up a gust of wind, the chirping of Suzaku were even resounding, and the humanoid shadow could not help but laugh loudly . “It’s a blessing to have two male Suzakus!” On the other side, Xiangliu was shocked and speechless as it whispered in surprise . “You communicated with the sun with the assistance of the indigenous gods...;...;impressive...;...;” Ignoring Xiangliu, the humanoid figure arrogantly put away the male and female Suzaku blades, moved forward slightly, and began to send himself into the beam . Originally composed with dark shadows, he began to slowly transform into a giant soul with a clear facial features in the beam! However, after the completion of the transformation, the 8-footed Mirror which had been diffused and cracked into numerous small cracks, completely turned into powder as the wind blew . Now, Chiyou wasn’t weak at all even though he had not found his body . Three heads, six arms, cattle-faced, eyes on the forehead, horns on the head, grains similar to paintings of Miao people on the face, metallic luster on the skin, and a void Suzaku shadow with flaming feathers under his feet...;...; The raging fire burned from the bottom up, but it never brought any harm to him, instead, it seemed to be wearing a flaming armor, which was particularly daunting . “I am Dihong, do you want to surrender or not? Condescendingly overlooking the terrified Xiangliu, he screamed . Before Chiyou activated the 8-footed Mirror, Xiangliu thought he was just a crazy liar who bluffed using the name of Dihong . But now, Xiangliu understood that the strength difference between the two was incomparable! What’s more, it originally believed in the law of the jungle . His obedience to the emperor of river was also because the latter was strong . So, how could he reject Chiyou? Swept off his hands, Xiangliu bowed and replied . “I’m willing to follow you!” “Tangle it up . ” Chiyou shook his left shoulder, and Xiangliu tangled it up on his shoulder smoothly . “I have a mission for you . But someone is spying on us here . ” Chiyou looked around the sky, then turned into light and disappeared, accompanied by the nightmare samurai, numerous onmyojis and Xiangliu . Everyone watching in front of the screens were shocked as they wondered if Chiyou could even be perceived or seen by the satellites? “We can’t underestimate him!” The head No . 1 didn’t even have to guess whether he could see through the satellites or not since the real-time alarm data of the space station from the National Astronomical Bureau had been sent to him as the beam caused by the activation of the 8-footed Mirror went straight into the sun . He accomplished this unprecedented supernatural event, hence the satellites were inevitably exposed! In fact, the head No . 1 didn’t know how easy it would be for Hu Feng to destroy the satellites . But if they lost their satellites, no one could witness the show he deliberately designed! Contacting the communication system, Hu Feng began to check all the harvest . 57 days into the incident, you currently gained mental strength of 97,857,531, which was transformed to fudge value 97,845,731 . “More than 90 million? Then I can have more fun next time!” Hu Feng, who couldn’t help himself, began to ponder his new plan . The idea of [Emperor Huang’s Inheritance – Zodiac Totems] hit upon his mind . “At the moment, Chiyou accepted Xiangliu as his subordinate, and they left...;...;” Hu Feng was immersed in meditation, and all kinds of thoughts flashed through his mind . “Chiyou vaguely indicated that he would recover his ashes from China in the future as he wanted to retaliate for the hatred against Emperor Huang...;...;” “This is a perfect opportunity!” “First spread the 11 Emperor Huang’s Zodiac Totems except the [Dragon Totem], make 11 kind youths in China have an adventure, and let them understand their responsibility and obligations as inheritors of those totems . ” Planning the new script, Hu Feng smirked . “In order to prevent the state from not paying attention to it, these inheritors should cause unique supernatural event uncontrollably in the time corresponding to their own zodiac . ” “For example, the rat corresponds to the time period from 23 o’clock to 1 o’clock, if the adventurer with the rat totem cause unique supernatural event and there were lots of witness, the state would intervene . ” “Only when these 12 people gather together will they completely stop these unique supernatural events . It could imply to the state and the inheritors that it was the only way Emperor Huang arranged to allow the inheritors to discover their companions . ” “After 11 zodiac totem inheritors have been discovered by the country, I should arrange Chiyou to invade . At the crucial time, it will be the time for me, a high school student who inadvertently obtained the [Dragon Totem] inheritance, to debut . ” “But Chiyou is a very strong enemy, so there is no need for him to really come . He should always keep himself mysterious and send his buddies to attack . If there is really a need in the end, send a copy of Chiyou to come . ” “By the way, I can set that Dayu built the Furnace Barrier under the emperor’s order after dealing with the floods . Ordinary people can pass smoothly, but powerful demons and beasts will show up when Chiyou appears, stopping him at a certain extent . ” Hu Feng thought . “I can send the settings of the furnace barrier to the brains of the 11 inheritors when they are having an adventure, so that the country will learn the news from them without suspicion . ” “First, it solves the problem why Chiyou never shows up in person but keeps sending his men to the front line in comics and anime . ” “Second, it is also to make the country reassure that there is no need to use nuclear weapons to fight against Chiyou . The 12 totems inheritors can defend when his men comes . ” “Third, it is better to accomplish the combat strength system . ” “It explains why the fierce beasts in other countries became way weaker than in Mainland China . ” “Although he is still immune to hot weapons, the fighting range has been limited, so that he won’t evaporate a big city of one million and ten million people directly . ” Chapter 121 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 121: 12 Zodiac Totem Inheritance and Furnaces</strong>  After the general settings of the new plan had been revised, Hu Feng was still not satisfied because some important details had not been confirmed . First and foremost, it was the twelve zodiac totems! It was conceivable that the country would focus on the process of how the inheritors obtained the totems once the zodiac totem inheritors got exposed to the national government . If they are not able to figure it out, they would definitely not feel assured! In view of this, Hu Feng felt that the external manifestation of the Zodiac Totem must be carefully confirmed so that he could successfully fool the country . In childhood, Hu Feng once saw an animated film ‘The Adventures of Jackie Chan’ produced by Sony Pictures of the United States . The story was mainly about Jackie Chan, his niece Xiaoyu and the antique shop daddy, etc . , who pursued the zodiac charms in the world . The zodiac charm in this animation was a stone engraved with the shape of the animal, containing ancient Chinese magic . However, Hu Feng personally felt that this American film had nothing to do with China . Even the so-called tokens form gods had nothing to do with Chinese history as it just wanted to fool the Chinese audience . Perhaps in the eyes of American staff, the Japanese style is the same as Chinese style, and all Asians were the same, however, Hu Feng wanted to make his zodiac totem with authentic Chinese style . Hu Feng thought that the emperor must have considered the long future when designing the zodiac totems . Suppose Emperor Huang carved the zodiac totems on a slate, what if the slate was naturally damaged or weathered in the long run, or even destroyed by the culprits? Would it be so easy to make the 12 zodiac totems of Chiyou disappear? Or if the slate was long buried underground because the place of preservation was wrong, did it mean that Chiyou would no longer worry about anything . Impossible! Therefore, the external form of the zodiac totems must be independent of time, space and other factors, and always have to be safe and sound . What was a constant existence for the Chinese nation since thousands of years? Pondering, Hu Feng couldn’t help but narrow his eyes . Dynasty? Since the Zhou Dynasty, few dynasties could last longer than 300 years? Moreover, both the Yuan Dynasty and the Qing Dynasty were ruled by foreigners . Where to find a dynasty that remained unchanged? Negative? Pondering for a long time, Hu Feng suddenly hit upon an idea . He recalled that the existence of the Chinese nation that had never changed in the past thousands of years! That was the Chinese! Among the four ancient civilizations of the world, ancient Babylon, ancient Egypt, and ancient India all became history . The ancient Babylonians and ancient Egyptians all died and their land was occupied by foreigners . The descendants of the ancient Indians were also at the lowest level of the modern Indian caste system, and they were called inaccessible people . So, why could Chinese still be able to read and speak Chinese even though they were ruled by foreigners many times? Why hadn’t the Chinese culture died out yet? Why did American scholars who studied China claimed that there was no China at all, but a cultural integration that pretended to be a country? Hu Feng concluded that it was because of the people! Therefore, the external form of the zodiac totem could be stored in people! There was no need for any animal charms . As long as there were Chinese people who followed the zodiac signs and understood their zodiac sign, the zodiac totems would continue to pass down . Everyone who knew their own zodiac sign was the hidden channel and inheritor of the totem corresponding to his zodiac sign . The true inheritors of the totem were only the dominant totem inheritor . “The number of each totem inheritor would be astronomical . Even if the national government can only investigate at all costs, they can only see that the inheritors using totem power, but unable to find anything!” “The specific external manifestation of the 12 totems would be directly stored in the memory of people’s minds, and there was no absolutely entity for scientists to study!” Hu Feng even felt like shouting bravo for his idea as he could even foresee that all the experts and professors of the Chinese Academy of Sciences were unable to get anything useful, and all the staff of the National Special Bureau felt helpless! “The furnace barrier plan of Emperor Huang may have to be carefully studied . After all, the territory when Emperor Huang still held the throne was completely different from the territory of China now . ” After solving the external form of the zodiac totems, Hu Feng suddenly recalled the furnace barrier in his plan . However, about the carrier channel of [humans] to solve the problem of the inheritance of the zodiac totem, he was not afraid now . “Maybe I can set that the 9 big furnaces were buried in the 18 provinces of ancient Han Dynasty, but 9 small furnaces were hidden in the heart of every Chinese who thinks himself as a descendant of Emperor Huang...;...;” “Simply put, the more Chinese people, the greater the pressure will be posed against the beasts and demons . The more people, the weaker barrier! ” Chapter 122 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 122: Tiger Totem and the Girl Wu Zijuan</strong>  Pondering about the furnace barrier, Hu Feng decided that he could spend tens of millions of fudge value on building the 9 big furnaces if the national government implements carpet search and excavation in the 18 provinces of the Han Dynasty . With more than 90 million fudge value, he didn’t care about this consumption because he could easily earn 90 million fudge points in Japan, a country with a population of 100 million, so he could definitely earn more than that in mainland China . Except his own dragon totem, Hu Feng set the other 11 totems with unique capabilities . And once the 12 zodiac totem inheritors were gathered together, they could temporarily form the Xuanyuan Sword to fight against Chiyou! “The climax of the 12 Zodiac Totem Inheritance Program should be that Chiyou’s doppelganger shows up in China and 12 inheritors gather together . With the [Dragon Totem], I will become the tip of Xuanyuan Sword, and the others can form other parts?” “Ha-ha, it’s getting more and more interesting!” Hu Feng couldn’t help but smirk . In the following ten days, he completed the detailed execution plan and it was time to dispatch the 11 zodiac totems . It was already in the middle of October as the National Day Mid-Autumn Festival had just passed . According to the plan, the 11 inheritors would be noticed by the national government one after another from now on until January . The reason why he had to make it so long because it would be more normal for a high school student to travel around the country during the winter vacation, so that his identity as the dragon totem inheritor wouldn’t be doubted . In combination with folk myths, Hu Feng opened the map of China with a systematic light curtain, and finally locked his final destination which he would go in the winter vacation – Turtle Mountain in Jiangsu Province! It was rumored that there was a water monster resembling a monkey with the neck longer than 100 meters when Dayu dealt with the flooding . It claimed itself to be the water god, and people called it the water monkey . When Dayu was dealing with the flooding, the water monster stopped him . Hence Dayu was furious, he locked its neck with a large chain, and put on copper bells on its nostrils, and suppressed it under the Turtle Mountain . Imagine if the country learned what Emperor Huang left to deal with Chiyou with the help of the 11 zodiac inheritors . Later, the water monkey in Jiangsu Province would leave Turtle Mountain as Chiyou’s subordinates unlocked the seal, then it would cause terrible tides and flood, turning the area into swamps . When no one could stop it, a youth with the Dragon Totem would stand out and save everyone . Of course, since there were 12 zodiac totem inheritors, they should be six men and women, and the strongest dragon totem belonged to Hu Feng . Since there were so many idioms linked to the dragon and tiger together, maybe he could choose a girl for the tiger totem . In the following 3 months, he began to create adventurers who awakened and obtained the inheritance of different zodiac totems . Tiger Totem was the first! In Jiaren Counseling Firm . “Hello . ” The person who spoke was about 16 years old, and she was an ordinary girl wearing a sky blue autumn coat . Although her parents accompanied her, she looked very nervous as it was her first time entering the psychological counseling office . Sitting with her legs joined, arms crossed, blinking eyes frequently, pouting all the time and kept looking at her parents . These were performed when one finds herself in an unfamiliar environment and was completely insecure . Keenly observing, An Yunhui began to read her basic information . Name: Wu Zijuan Gender: Female Identity: Student Place of birth: Zhejiang Province Self-description: In the middle of the night, regardless of the occasion, I saw or heard bizarre scenes that were absolutely difficult to see in real life, such as flying tigers with wings, the 9 fascinating and colorful giant furnaces, voice of strange tall man and the transparent barrier faintly emitting white light...;...; “Do not rule out the illusion of auditory hallucinations caused by self-evasion of reality because of excessive learning pressure . ” Turning over the medical record card, Expert An took a preliminary judgment . Engaged in this profession for more than ten years, An Yunhui was also clear about the psychological state of such kind of people . For this kind of consultants, she casually said a few short jokes for suitable occasions to amuse Wu Zijuan and bring them closer . Then An Yunhui began to sincerely inquire . “Professor An...;...; I really don’t know how to say...;...; I really feel like I’m going crazy!” “At 3 a . m . every day, very punctually, these things that are absolutely impossible to appear in reality, are looming in front of my eyes . Whether I blink or close my eyes, they are still clear...;...;” Faced with Dr . An, Wu Zijuan slightly thought about it and began to take the initiative to elaborate . An Yunhui noticed that she had dark circles under her eyes and they were bloodshot when she described the specific symptoms . Obviously, as she said, her sleeping state was extremely bad . Her parents also added that they thought their child was just having nightmares at the beginning, but they began to consider that she encountered something evil after the symptoms lasted a couple days . Hence they went to the temples for amulets in order to protect their baby daughter . They even took a special day-off, took her to a religious place to pray, but it didn’t stop . Putting down the pen, An Yunhui solemnly looked up and asked . “How long does the symptom last?” Her parents discussed it a bit and finally got an accurate conclusion . It had been 7 days . Then, An Yunhui asked her about various information, such as learning status, school grade ranking, usual hobbies and so on . “The illusion of auditory hallucinations lasts longer, and every time it starts at 3 a . m . in the middle of the night...;...;” “The tiger is the king of beasts . It has only lived in the forests . Does the image of the tiger with wings show the patient’s desire to get rid of the shackles of the student identity in reality and live freely?” “Are the 9 giant furnaces symbols of cages that lock people down? Why is the number of giant furnaces 9?” “Do not rule out the possibility of you being subconsciously ill; but it may also be early schizophrenia caused by bad health conditions and high stress...;...;” An Yunhui began to write a diagnosis . In addition to the judgment of early schizophrenia and the recommendation to go to the regular psychiatric hospital to confirm, An Yunhui also clearly pointed out the situation of Wu Zijuan was caused by excessive pressure and irritability, hence she suggested that her parents should accompany her and talk to her more often to avoid her staying alone . Chapter 123 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 123: Baby Tiger</strong>  Leaving the psychological counseling office and understanding the diagnosis from her parents, Wu Zijuan shook her head and reluctantly complained . “I don’t have any mental illness at all! I just want to go home!” Hearing the recommendation of An Yunhui, Wu Zijuan’s parents deliberately comforted her and immediately went home at this moment, but they also made up their minds that they would send their daughter to a mental hospital sooner or later to confirm the diagnosis . If she really had an early schizophrenia, it was a blessing to be treated early . But these trivial things could be done only after their daughter had stabilized her mind . At 3 a . m . on the following day, both parents had always been at her bedside, ready to take care of their daughter, who was about to have the illusion of some kind of auditory hallucination starting at any time . But very unexpectedly, Wu Zijuan seemed to be safe and sound even after waiting for ten minutes . She did not fall into the illusion of any form of auditory hallucination that ordinary people could not see in these past seven days . “Is everything all right?” At a glance, her parents read each other’s surprised faces . Being cautious and not at ease, both parents stayed for another 10 minutes and turned out everything was fine . After leaving her bedroom, both parents started crying in the living room since her daughter made them so worried this week recently, and they were now finally relieved . But the next morning, they were awakened by a familiar screaming, and it was loud enough to stun all the residents living in the building . “Who is so f*****g rude? Recording the roar of tigers to play it now? F**k you! “Who the hell are you?” “Did a tiger enter the neighborhood?” “I have already called 110! Trying to raise a tiger at home? Scary!” In the neighborhood, many families turned on their lights, and people holding mobile phones on the balcony kept looking for the source . “Don’t scare me!” “Let’s check!” Not paying attention to others, her parents rushed into her bedroom in panic . With only one glance, her parents were both stunned! An 8-meter-long tiger was suspended in the air, numerous small storms were flickering around it, and it roared loudly at Wu Zijuan . Wu Zijuan, wearing pajamas, was wrapped in quilt and desperately shrunk in the corner of the wall . She wanted to retreat but she had no way out . She was only half a meter away from the tiger, and she might die as soon as the tiger rushed over . “No! Don’t eat my daughter!” Although it was not clear where the tiger came from, and they couldn’t compete with the former, her parents still rushed over . In an instant, seeming to be interfered by the outsiders, the tiger turned into a streamer and disappeared into Wu Zijuan’s body . “Where is the tiger?” Deeply shocked by the tiger and its inexplicable disappearance, Wu Zijuan’s father was completely stunned with his mouth wide-open, and he looked terrified . On the other hand, her mother began to comfort her, and ask her to check her own body to find the tiger . Examining herself, Wu Zijuan cried out in the next second . She untied her pajamas and signaled her mother to look over . “Mom...; it’s on my skin...;” Looking around, she saw a savage tiger like the one she just saw vividly engraved on Wu Zijuan’s lower abdomen in a certain proportion . Before her mother managed to react, she suddenly felt that her belly was empty, and an unprecedented sense of hunger rushed into her mind, thus she couldn’t help but mutter . “Hungry...;really hungry . ” Her belly growled and she fell to the ground weakly as if she hadn’t eaten anything since many days . “Mom...; I am hungry...;” “Wait a minute...;” Hearing her whisper, Wu Zijuan’s mother shuddered, and quickly went to the kitchen with her husband to take out all kinds of food . But Wu Zijuan gobbled everything edible as soon as the food was sent to her . In less than 10minutes, all the food and drink inside the house were gone . Wu Zijuan still lay limp on the floor, and it was extremely difficult for her to stand up and walk . And somehow, Wu Zijuan still felt as if she had not eaten anything, and the hunger became more and more serious . “I am so hungry...;” Looking at her weak face, Wu Zijuan’s parents were desperately trying to comfort her . “Wait! The frozen dumplings have been thawed and we are cooking for you . ” “You can eat those sweet chocolates and candies first . ” Before she could eat them, she suddenly looked up, an unprecedented sensation of numbness came, and she could not help but roll on the spot . As her parents were extreme shocked, she actually turned into a half-meter-long baby tiger in human-sized pajamas instantly . “How did I become like this?” It was strange that she found herself less hungry after the inexplicable transformation to a baby tiger, and she could talk normally . Even more amazing was that she didn’t seem to have the transverse bones in the ordinary tiger’s throat, nor the vocal organs belonging to humans, but she could still speak human language . Very curiously, she gently raised the forefoot, struggled to support her body with her hind legs on the ground, and imitated the human form to stand up . Her feet flickered, and the sharp claws stuck out from the meat pads, firmly inserting into the floor . Then her lower body was thus firmly fixed . Chapter 124 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 124: Fuzzy Power System</strong>  Sizing up the baby tiger transformation of her daughter, who was as tall as her waist when standing up, Wu Zijuan’s mother almost fainted . Supporting his wife, Wu Zijuan’s father who already couldn’t recognize his daughter, before he could say something was immediately interrupted by the noise from the door and the hallway . “407! It’s this family . We all heard clearly that the sudden tiger scream came from this house!” “Comrade, you must stop them!” “They’re raising a tiger in their house . If the tiger runs out, we will be done!” “Come open the door!” “Hide! You have to hide!” Although Wu Zijuan’s father didn’t know that his neighbors just called the police 10 minutes ago, he instinctively did not want outsiders to see his daughter . “Dad...;...;but I have no place to hide?” There was no extra space for Wu Zijuan to hide in the three-bedroom, one-living-room, one-bathroom and one-kitchen house . When they were still panicked, the security door was opened by the staff, and a group of police officers holding anesthetic air guns took the lead to come in . Subsequently, a large number of people in the neighborhood also took the opportunity to look around . “Such a big tiger without any reins, aren’t you afraid that the tiger will harm someone?” “Wow! They really raised a tiger at home!” “Is this a South China Tiger or a Northeast Tiger? I am so excited! This is the first time I have seen a tiger outside the zoo!” “A tiger! I know I didn’t get it wrong! Its roar didn’t sound like the amplification of the video sound . ” “Rich people in Dubai raise Bengal tigers at home because they’re crazily rich . You look ordinary, so why do you have such a unique hobby?” Ignoring the residents, several police officers carefully aimed at the tiger in front of them, and asked the parents to quickly get aside and not stop them from capturing such a high-risk wild animal . Resting on her husband’s shoulder for a moment, Wu Zijuan’s mother had reluctantly accepted the bizarre incident of her daughter becoming a tiger . Now she saw so many policemen rushing in, and they seemed to be trying to capture the tiger, she immediately became anxious . “It’s not a tiger! She is my daughter Wu Zijuan . Don’t hurt her...;” Seeing Wu Zijuan’s mother begging in front of the tiger, several policemen were surprised . “Aunt, aren’t you awake? This is clearly a tiger!” “We will capture it with anesthetic air guns so that no one will be hurt . ” Wu Zijuan couldn’t stand it anymore, thus she stood up and said . “I am really not a tiger! I was still a human a few minutes ago!” Silence . Dead silence . All the police and the people were astonished! Seeing Wu Zijuan, the little tiger that could stand upright on its hind legs speak, they started trembling with their mouths wide-open . Bang! Bang! Bang! As air guns fell to the ground, several policemen and others ran wildly out the house, kept yelling and looked extremely panicked . Although these days, news reports on supernatural events in Japan had been spread on the Internet in mainland China, it wouldn’t be more shocking than what they saw with your own eyes . In modern society, scientific and technological progress brought about a high degree of information control by the national government . In less than 20 minutes, the armed helicopter combat squadron that heard the news had already surrounded the entire neighborhood, and no one was not allowed to enter or leave . The streets near the residence of Wu Zijuan were even temporarily locked down with different announcement signs . Under the residential building where they lived, a large number of negotiating experts and police officers were present, and members of the Zhejiang National Special Bureau branch were shouting for publicity . “Please don’t resist anymore! No matter which kind of demon you are, the government will not hurt you indiscriminately, and we insist on the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence, which are our country’s diplomatic principles!” Through observation of video recordings of natural disasters from all over Japan, as well as the actual situation of the mobile game ‘Ghost Gate’ that had already taken place in mainland China, the experts of the National Special Bureau made full use of Chinese myths and legends to set a fuzzy power system of these supernatural monsters, i . e . [harmless, murderous, high-risk, mobile disaster and force majeure]! Harmless: supernatural monsters not malicious to humans or temporarily harmless Murderous: supernatural monsters with a clear and malicious offensive sign, or have already harmed humans . High-risk: supernatural monsters that have already hurt more than 5 people Mobile Disaster: supernatural monsters that bring great harm to human society, and the specific attack range comparable to earthquakes, tsunamis and mudslides . Force Majeure: supernatural monsters that cannot be countered by existing national technology weapons or cannot be eliminated “In view of the fact that you have not had any murderous deeds and seem to have good communication skills, the government can bode especially well for harmless-level creatures . ” “If you take the initiative to step out, surrender and release the hostages, on behalf of the National Special Bureau, I solemnly promise that I will not take any form of violence against you except for the necessary shackles...;...;” In fact, at the beginning, after she scared away the police, Wu Zijuan did think about running away, but she was a tiger with no predation skills at all, and she was in a big city, the police might directly kill her since she looked like a wild animal escaping from the zoos . Accompanied by hunger, she couldn’t walk further . Helplessly, she could only stay in the residential building . Now, in the face of the personnel from the country, she could only walk out of the building with her parents . Hearing her parents’ explanations, policewomen carefully examined Wu Zijuan’s fur, and finally confirmed that she wasn’t a person pretending to be a tiger . Learning the information, members of the Zhejiang Provincial Special Bureau branch reported the major findings to the superiors for the first time . We succeeded in capturing one female baby tiger who claimed herself to be a human! Chapter 125 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 125: Generous Attitude</strong>  7 hours later, Wu Zijuan’s family had already arrived at the headquarters of the National Special Bureau by special transport plane . In order to stabilize the mood of Wu Zijuan, who claimed herself to be a human, Director Guo specially approved her parents to watch the interrogation through a piece of tempered glass . Since there was no specialised reflection treatment, even as a subject of interrogation, Wu Zijuan could see her parents through the tempered glass, so she wasn’t panicked . Four burly female Special Forces holding hot weapons stood behind Wu Zijuan, all the original shackles on her body were lifted, and a large amount of well-made, grilled lamb and roast pigs covered with sauce were sent to her . Though she had already eaten some high-calorie military food bars, how could the food without taste be comparable to the steaming food in the front? Unable to stand it anymore, she opened her bloody mouth full of fangs and started eating frantically . After eating for a while, she felt the hunger in the stomach completely disappeared, her mood was recovered, and she looked around, checking her parents on her left from time to time . Considering that this was the first time for the National Special Bureau to capture a supernatural existence, Director Guo and other senior officials also came for the interrogation personally . In fact, when Wu Zijuan was eating, Director Guo had consulted her parents, and also read the police records of the local government police agencies . Wu Zijuan, 16 years old, a student in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province . Before she became a tiger, she used to accompany her parents to the religious places to ask for amulets and to the psychological counseling office and other institutions many times . The specific consultation was mainly aimed at her problem of having fantasy and auditory hallucination at 3 a . m . every day...;...; “Wu Zijuan? Are you ready? Can we ask normal questions now?” Director Guo asked amiably with a smile . “Okay . ” She nodded calmly . But the next second, as if she recalled something, Wu Zijuan whispered and asked . “When it’s over, will you send me to dissection for research?” “How come? You really think more!” Director Guo knew that it was her inner feeling of insecurity . “Given that you are the first non-person found in China and confirmed, the National Institute of Chinese Academy of Sciences will conduct a very small amount of blood test on you . ” Hearing this, the baby tiger couldn’t help but shrink her body, showing that she was obviously against this . Director Guo immediately patted his chest and said with sincerity . “But we can guarantee that we will only extract up to 100 milliliters of blood every 3 months for non-human experimental research . As for slice anatomy, that is absolutely impossible!” “We on behalf of the national government, will not interfere with your normal life too much . You can still freely live with your parents in Hangzhou, or you can go anywhere in the country! We do not impose any restriction and interference!” The premise is that if you won’t leave China, and you won’t be allowed to study abroad . Director Guo thought and he knew that the supervising personnel would continue to work secretly . However, Wu Zijuan was still slightly afraid as she was obviously very satisfied with her ability to restore her past life and not be interfered with by state surveillance, hence she wasn’t afraid to have a blood test every three months . Calming down her emotions, the interrogation began . “First question . When did you start to experience hallucinations? “7 days ago...; It should be three o’clock in the middle of the night...;” Wu Zijuan stammered . Qin Wenhui, the head of the Intelligence Investigation Section, comforted her . “Very good . You don’t have to be so nervous . We’re just talking casually?” “Second question...;” In fact, they already knew the answers to these simple questions, but they wanted to ease the atmosphere and let down her guard against them, hence they had to ask her in person . The interrogation continued . As one of the main interrogators, Director Guo also began to lead the topic to what the top officials most concerned . “41th question . Wu Zijuan, you are now a non-human, or a female young tiger...;...; What have you found in addition to walking upright and communicating with us?” “Simply put, do you have other special abilities?” Director Guo was extremely solemn . The other interrogators were also focused . As early as Wu Zijuan’s family was secretly escorted to the National Special Bureau headquarters, Director Guo and other senior officials had already held an internal meeting to discuss how to place the young female tiger . First of all, they knew that she wouldn’t be able to return to Hangzhou or restore her normal life no matter what she could change from a young tiger to a human in the future . After all, it was conceivable that no schools or universities would be willing to accept a tiger, or a half-demon, as a student . On the national government side, it was impossible to overlook the monsters in the country What’s more, when meeting the top leader of the country, Director Guo was also reminded . You must treat every supernatural existence that can communicate with people normally without any misdeeds and very generously! Give them various welfare benefits, so those supernatural beings hidden in human society might let down their guard against the government when seeing or understanding how we treat Wu Zijuan . Therefore, Director Guo and others had begun to preparation of plan B! If Wu Zijuan could control herself to become a human, the national special bureau would establish or purchase a private girls’ school in Hangzhou in the name of the government . All female teachers and female students were selected from the military, secret service departments, the National Security Bureau and the National Security Bureau . Except Wu Zijuan, all the rest were national staff . But on the surface, the teachers and the students were highly consistent with other normal schools . For example, the conversation between the teachers when Wu Zijuan entered the teacher’s office, the chats between the students, etc . But if she couldn’t become a person, the national special bureau would induce her parents to adopt a network unilateral teaching method to prevent others from seeing the young tiger . In general, the national special bureau would let Wu Zijuan return to the ordinary life on the surface, but in fact everything was under the control of the state, like The Truman Show . As for the jobs of Wu Zijuan’s parents, they would quietly mobilize them . They couldn’t stay in their original residential building anymore because her identity had already been exposed, so many police in the neighborhood knew that she was not a human . New house had all been secretly arranged . Now Wu Zijuan was still young . In the future, if Wu Zijuan was going to enter the university or study for a doctoral degree, the National Special Bureau could not rule out the personal thoughts of Wu Zijuan . Chapter 126 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 126: 11 More Like Me</strong>  “Other special abilities?” Repeating these words, Wu Zijuan shook his head gently . “Let me think...;...;” Director Guo and others didn’t rush for an answer from her . In the interrogation room, it turned silent . At the next moment, everyone felt a strong airflow around them! The strong wind was so strong that they couldn’t even stand up . Even the special forces or the special agents with good physical fitness had to support their bodies desperately and they were even forced to narrow their eyes . “What happened? This is a tightly closed room!” The violent wind was obviously abnormal, hence Director Guo frowned . “Director, be careful, we are supporting you!” With their assistance, Director Guo was not blown down like the average person, but started pondering . However, Director Guo had no time to think about it because the screams of the 4 female special forces behind Wu Zijuan suddenly aroused his attention . “Look at her!” “Is this her special ability?” Looking over, Director Guo was stunned on the spot . Wu Zijuan, who was originally sitting on the chair, was now floating in the air without any support, and her fur was blown in one direction as a giant vortex shrouded her . There were dozens of tiny vortexes appearing on her body, and each vortex lasted for only a very short period of time! In just 10 seconds, Director Guo saw the tiny vortexes disappearing and being reborn . Needless to say, the horrible wind that permeated the entire interrogation room was her masterpiece! In the center of the giant vortex, Wu Zijuan could not help but narrow her eyes since she once again experienced the same hallucination . But unlike the vague and chaotic scenes in the past, this time everything she witnessed was so orderly and complete . Pictures flashed in front of her eyes at a regular speed, which happened to allow her to clearly understand the panorama, and not to get bored or distracted by the things in front of her sight . The calm and steady Emperor Huang rose to her front and started ordering . Dayu built the 9 furnace to establish a barrier mainly aimed at Chiyou, and its purpose was to limit the demons and beasts . This inheritance was hidden in the totems of the 12 zodiacs, which could be passed down from generation to generation . 12 zodiac totems inheritor mastering the extraordinary power should work together to make the Xuanyuan Sword reappear in the world, so as to deal with Chiyou . Unconsciously, Wu Zijuan felt as if she was merging with every inch of the motherland, countless memories of the latter came to her mind . Recalling her ancestors’ deeds that she saw, her look was also extremely uneasy and she feared at the beginning, but gradually accepted her identity and took the responsibility . Out of no reason, all kinds of remarks of reminiscing the Three Emperors and Five Kings came to his mind, making her open her mouth and shout desperately . “The world is filled with those who are unwilling to be slaves!” Due to the blockage of the giant vortex, it seemed that only she could hear her scream . However, she didn’t care as she had changed with the growth of her experience and memory, and the most prominent part was her temperament . The wind gradually dissipated quietly . The interrogation room also returned to normal, and Wu Zijuan slowly descended from the air, staring at everyone calmly and confidently . Wu Zijuan nodded and said calmly . “I have all my own abilities . ” “If you want to know, I can tell you . ” “I hope to learn all the details . ” Director Guo took the lead in answering her question as he obviously felt that the young tiger was completely different from her before since she clearly became confident and mature . Without awkwardness, in the face of strangers such as Director Guo, Wu Zijuan erected three tiger claws . “I currently have three abilities, namely, [Wind Tiger], [Mountain] and [Enslave Souls] . ” “And I am keenly aware that my strength can be enhanced greatly as long as I eat a lot of food every day, but I don’t know if I will have new abilities . ” She shocked everyone once again . “Wait a minute!” Director Guo couldn’t help but interrupt . “Comrade Wu Zijuan, can you specifically elaborate your three abilities? We cannot understand such general terms . ” Unconsciously, Director Guo didn’t regard her as a young student, but as an adult . “Of course, I can . ” Wu Zijuan answered . “[Wind Tiger], naturally refers to the ability to control the wind before . You know that I can fly freely, and if I do my best, I feel that this building cannot last more than 10 seconds . ” Stamping her foot, Wu Zijuan meant nothing but the headquarters of the National Special Bureau . Director Guo and others couldn’t help but face each other since the building could withstand the invasion of a level-12 typhoon! But Wu Zijuan looked confident, making them wonder if she could really do so . Director Guo quietly gave the stenographer a look, the latter immediately enhanced her power system from [Harmless] to [Mobile Disaster] in the supernatural file number 001, and he added a special label that it hadn’t been verified yet . “[Mountain] is very cumbersome . In my personal sense, it is as if I can become a mountain god . ” Wu Zijuan then said . “If I enter the mountains, I can freely choose to become a tiger or a human . ” “Besides, all the plants and animals in the mountains are like my eyes and ears . I have no obstacle in communicating with them . ” “Even if I have never seen them before, but as long as it is a wild animal in the mountain, I can freely drive them to serve me after I stare at it . ” “In the mountains, I seem to be able to improve greatly in terms of speed, strength, stamina, recovery, etc . But I don’t know the exact details now...;...;” Pausing a bit, Wu Zijuan began to describe her last eccentric ability [Enslave Souls] as complete as possible . “How do I say...;? I personally think that this should be the origin of the idiom [play the jackal to the tiger] . ” “If I kill a person in the forest in the form of a tiger, then his soul will not dissipate, but will be enslaved by me, but the number of slaves is limited . I am now a young tiger so I cannot enslave any soul . ” She stated precautionary, and the stenographer recorded fast . The more they heard, the more amazed they were . After a while, it seemed that she still had something to say, Director Guo asked . “Comrade Wu Zijuan, what else do you want to add?” Everyone thought that Wu Zijuan had nothing else to say . But very unexpectedly, she licked her furry tiger tail and nodded solemnly . “Yes!” “One more thing I must tell you . ” Director Guo and others held their breath and looked at her with a high amount of concentration and attention . “There are 11 more people like me!” Raising his chin, Wu Zijuan’s eyes seemed playful . It suddenly silenced them! Chapter 127 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 127: 12 Earthly Branches</strong>  After quite a while . Director Guo and others recovered from the shock . Quickly walking to the front of Wu Zijuan, Director Guo eagerly asked . “Comrade Wu Zijuan, do you know what you are saying? This is not a time to joke!” “I’m saying the truth . ” Looking at the confused government officers in front, Wu Zijuan simply told them the original source of the 12 Zodiac totem heritances . “There are reasons as to why I am so sure . ” “After the war, thousands of years ago, Emperor Huang knew that he couldn’t stop Chiyou from reviving even if separating his body and buried them in different locations . ” “So Emperor Huang secretly established the inheritance of the zodiac in the blood of his descendants, letting them pass on from generation to generation...;...;” After a pause, Wu Zijuan then said . “He secretly ordered Dayu to cast 9 furnaces and set up a barrier formation, specially used to resist Chiyou and other demons and ancient beasts . ” “Once Chiyou reappears, the 12 Zodiac totem inheritances will be awakened and start looking for the appropriate descendants of Emperor Huang, who would stand up and act as patron saints to protect the world . ” “On the contrary, if Chiyou doesn’t reappear, the 12 Zodiac Totem inheritances will not come out, but slumber quietly and wait for the opportunity, or even self-enclose...;...; And that’s why you can’t find the 12 Zodiac totem heritances in history . ” Hearing this, Director Guo and other senior officials gasped as they were shocked . After all, they had just learned that Chiyou reappeared in Japan through satellite observations . Although it was just a glimpse, but the figure of that giant was unforgettable! However, the sensitivity and suspicion from the profession for a long time had also caused them to not fully believe her . Seeming to know about their suspicion, Wu Zijuan said . “I know it sounds unfounded and suspicious . These facts involving mythical characters may be unimaginable, but I also have my own evidence . ” “Because I am the inheritor of the Tiger Totem among the 12 Zodiac Totems!” “I can even vaguely feel that the other 11 zodiac totem inheritances, will continue to find suitable candidates in the future, awakening each inheritor, and they will understand their ultimate responsibility to counter Chiyou . ” Wu Zijuan looked very solemn . “Comrade Wu Zijuan, how do you feel this way?” Director Guo frowned . “I don’t know how to describe it...;...;” Wu Zijuan gently tilted her tiger head and thought about it for a moment . “I can only say that the 12 zodiac totems resonate with each other . Because they are the inheritance created by Emperor Huang, we 12 inheritors are destined to be a whole . ” In fact, in her mind, she had a feeling that the small group of 12 people wouldn’t work without any one . When they gathered together, they could burst out with the strong ability to restrain Chiyou . “Then do you know the order of the other 11 awakened zodiac totems? And where will the inheritors wake up?” “I really know nothing about that because all inheritance awakenings are random . ” Shaking his head slightly, Wu Zijuan seemed to think of something again . “But I know that every time point in the day corresponds to various zodiac signs! Like my tiger totem, from 3 a . m . to 5 a . m . every day is the time my tiger totem had supernatural event . “Yin Tiger!” Members familiar with the 12 Earthly branches shouted and couldn’t help but explain to others at the same time . “Zi, Chou, Yin, Mao, Chen, Si, Wu, Wei, Shen, You, Xu and Hai . ” “Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Sheep, Monkey, Rooster, Dog and Pig . The 12 Earthly branches perfectly correspond to the Chinese zodiac, and each time point is the time corresponding to the respective Zodiac animal! ” “Zi Rat, referring to the time from 23 p . m . to 1 a . m . , is also called the Zi time and means the time the rat will come out . And similarly for the other11 Zodiacs . ” After listening to the introduction about the 12 Earthly branches, Director Guo was amazed, he realized that this was absolutely a piece of important information and would help them to find the remaining 11 Zodiac totems! Asking his subordinates to take care of the Wu family, Director Guo left the building with the information . In the office of the highest national leader, Director Guo said respectfully and solemnly . “The head! We national special bureau have finally found out the ancient inheritance enough to counter Chiyou . ” “There are 12 people in total . It has been passed on to the descendants of Emperor Huang . It is only because Chiyou has not been awakened in the past, so the inheritance was self-enclosed and has never been discovered . ” “They are the 12 Zodiac totem inheritors!” Afraid that the head No . 1 had difficulty understanding it, Director Guo gave a brief review on what he had reported before . “We found the young female tiger in Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province . ” “It is the Tiger totem among the 12 zodiac totems . Her three abilities are extraordinary . Please refer to the specific information . ” A bit stunned, the head No . 1 took over the document report . After reading it carefully, he couldn’t help but get surprised . Since Chiyou appeared in Japan and vaguely stated his intent to retaliate, the head No . 1, as the current highest national leader in China, often woke up from nightmares, and was worried about whether the existing technological defense system could resist the invasion of the mythical character . If the 12 Zodiac totem inheritance were real, it would be a great blessing for the national government currently . “You must work hard to find out the other 11 zodiac totem inheritors as soon as possible . ” Satisfied with his smile, the head No . 1 applauded . “You will have the temporary command over the National Security Bureau and police stations throughout the country during this period of time . ” “Yes, we ensure you about the completion of the mission!” Director Guo shouted in a spirited manner . “By the way, I want to meet the family of the Tiger Totem Inheritor here . ” “In the evening, prepare a state banquet and inform my wife and daughter . This little comrade is also a girl . Girls of the same age should get along well...;...;” As Director Guo left, the head No . 1 whispered to the Secretary-General quietly . There was only one zodiac totem inheritor with extraordinary power being found among them 12, hence how could the head No . 1 be indifferent? After they built good relations with her, the head No . 1 also intended to tie the 12 people to the national chariot with various political means since it was impossible to let foreign countries take advantage of the extraordinary power . Chapter 128 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 128: The Absence of the Dragon Totem</strong>  “The daily patrol would last for more than half a month . What are we looking for?” “Why don’t the superior directly tell us?” Officer Zhang said irritably . Since it was late at night, he simply lit a cigarette and mimicked his superior ordering the normal officer . “The 78th red-headed document . From now on, all the police officers on vacation must return to their duties, and the number of original recruiting police officers will triple...;...;” “24-hour shifts, search for a series of large-scale places such as local neighborhood, unfinished buildings, business districts, schools, kindergartens, etc . Once one noticed abnormal events related to the following 11 animals, make sure to report immediately!” “These 11 animals are Rat, Ox, Rabbit, Snake, Horse, Sheep, Monkey, Rooster, Dog, Pig...;and...; Dragon?” Frowning, Officer Zhang murmured . “I have seen the first 10 animals . But Dragon? Are the superiors sure that it’s not a typo?” “Stop it! You and I are just police officers . We need the salary to support our families . What does you complaint help?” His partner reminded him with a slight dissatisfaction . “Also, stop smoking . We’re still on duty . ” “Okay, okay, you are right . If I get caught by the inspector team, we’re all done . ” Throwing the cigarette to the ground, he stepped on it hard as if he was venting the anger about how he was forced to work day and night . Getting back onto the patrol car, Officer Zhang started driving, and the two continued to patrol the street . Looking around, they were all basically residential houses . It’s almost 11 p . m . , there was not much light inside every household, and it seemed that they were all asleep . “Tonight, it seems like another ordinary day . ” As he just said, he was stunned on the spot, then he incredulously rubbed his eyes and watched the scene in front . Noticing his peer suddenly became silent, his partner turned sharply . “God!” These rats were getting crazy! At a glance, Officer Zhang’s partner was screaming in horror . Under the moonlight, many fat rats removed the nearest sewer manhole cover, jumped out of the hole without making any noise in an orderly manner, and marched towards the neighborhood . “Idiot, keep quiet!” The exclamation made Officer Zhang come out of his trance, he thus covered his partner’s mouth and fled the scene as far as possible . “Don’t disturb these rats, and quickly send a message to the General Administration! It’s time for us to make some meritorious deeds!” “Did you forget our very special patrol mission recently?” “These rats with such abnormal behaviors are definitely problematic!” With his explanation, his partner suddenly realized . 10 minutes later, when the dense police cars and the heavily armed plague prevention staff arrived with all kinds of pharmacy sprayers, everyone was almost shocked by the scene of the silent rat gathering! “Is it a rat meeting?” “100,000? Or 1,000,000 rats?” “All the rats in our city are here? It’s all over the place!” “It’s no wonder that the residents in the neighborhood didn’t call 911 . These rats are really so quiet . It’s too strange!” With careful observations, some careful police officers also found out that though these rats rushed into the neighborhood, they didn’t attack or harass people unanimously . Calling the manager in the area, they clearly saw that all the rats were crowded outside the security door of a household on the 7th floor with cameras and maps . It vaguely gave people a very strange feeling, as if these mice were protecting the household on the 7th floor . Checking the information registration, they learned that the residents of that household were a very ordinary family . In addition to a couple, their child, an elementary school student, also lived there . Although these rats had not attacked the security door with their sharp teeth, rushed into or had intentions of biting the living yet, the police couldn’t guarantee that they would keep so quiet . “Prepare the fire truck with the ladder . There are too many rats in the corridor, so we can’t get in . We should rescue these hostages trapped by rats from the window! “Then immediately arrange the residents here and even those in nearby neighborhoods to collectively evacuate and disinfect the area . If we don’t dispel or eliminate so many rats with germs gathered here, the consequences will be really unimaginable . ” The person in charge began to direct the operation, and various matters began to be arranged in an orderly manner . But very unexpectedly to the police, the operation to rescue the hostages and to dispel the rats went out smoothly . As the members of the nearest branch of the National Special Bureau learned about the anomalies involving animals in the area, they rushed over right away . After the top secret documents of the 12 Zodiac Totems were transmitted to the major branches, the national special bureau branches across the country could not wait to find the 11 lucky zodiac totem inheritors . Although it was uncertain whether the abnormal gathering of the rats tonight indicated the emergence of the Rat totem inheritor, the members of the branch were willing to give it a try . In view of the family members who lived there, someone was likely to be the lucky one to obtain the [Rat totem], so they conducted the interrogation with the help of the national security bureau . The kid was just separated from his parents and saw strange brothers and sisters coming in, so he was completely panicked . “I won’t do it anymore! Where are you, Mom and Dad? I don’t want to be locked down by the police! I promise not to call the little rat to scare my mother!” The members of the national special bureau branch immediately revoked the interrogation of the couple, let them comfort the mood of their kid, and started asking questions . Returning to his beloved family, this eight-year-old child gradually calmed down and honestly responded to the parents’ requests to answer various questions from the members of the national special bureau branch . After several inquiries, all the members of the National Special Bureau Branch were very excited since they got a big one! It turned out that the primary school student was actually the inheritor of the Rat totem . The rat gathering tonight was an external manifestation of his inheritance . He summoned the rats because he wanted to scare his mother . The three major abilities of the [Rat totem] were, [Ear Rat], [Society] and [God] . According to his own description, he acquired the abilities about 7 days ago . At that time, he thought that he was a new generation of Kamen Rider, so he had been secretly thinking about how to be a hero of justice in the city . The following months, under the efforts of the national special bureau and the police officers, the Zodiac inheritors who had difficulty covering their own abilities were found one after another . When treating these Zodiac inheritors, the police of the Public Security Bureau claimed that the existence of the Zodiac inheritors wasn’t conducive to a harmonious society and that imprisonment was inevitable, then the national special bureau would imply them that joining the national special bureau would earn themselves with hundreds of welfare privileges . The 10 Zodiac totem inheritors being found could only join the national special bureau reluctantly . After asking for the head No . 1, Director Guo also regarded the 11 Zodiac totem inheritors as a trump card of the National Special Bureau . All of them were arranged to a superb squad, and everyone would practice fighting all day long . The think tanks of the PLA General Staff, the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the National Strategic Analysis were striving to maximize their strengths by analyzing, discussing, and combining the various capabilities of the eleven Zodiac totem inheritors from all aspects . Excellent tactical training and guidance made them gradually master their own abilities and get used to fighting with teammates and companions . However, a very important contradiction showed up . The [Dragon Totem] inheritor was still missing! Dragon, the animal from ancient myths and legends, which symbolizes auspiciousness . Modern Chinese people were proud to claim themselves to be descendants of Emperor Huang and the Dragon . Internationally, most of the foreign news media referred to China with red dragons or pandas, which was self-evident . Through the research recently, they repeatedly studied Chiyou and Emperor Huang, and a kind of rumor was also widely-known stated that the dispute between Emperor Huang and Chiyou could also be regarded as the battle between [Dragon] and [Phoenix] . Although it sounded like a joke, it showed that the Dragon totem inheritance was extraordinary! Now the most powerful, noble and mysterious zodiac totem inheritance hadn’t appeared yet, Director Guo and others could not help but ask themselves if they weren’t working hard enough, otherwise, they would’ve long found the Dragon totem inheritor . Or was it that the inheritance had not yet found a suitable candidate, hence it was not yet awakened? No one knew why . The head No . 1’s order was very straightforward . We must find the [Dragon Totem] inheritor at all costs! Chapter 129 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 129: Shifting</strong>  Time passed by, and the winter vacation of the students approached in a blink of an eye . Using a slight psychological hint, Hu Feng succeeded in convincing his parents to go visit major scenic spots together, and Turtle Mountain in Jiangsu Province was on their final itinerary . Turtle Mountain was the place where Dayu sealed the water monkey in the folk myth, but people nowadays no longer believed in this . Expectedly, the so-called legend of the water monkey had been gradually forgotten . But now, Hu Feng naturally couldn’t turn a blind eye to it . The water monkey could also enter reality! When Hu Feng’s family followed the tour group and came to Jiangsu, the sky began to darken, and the clouds were rolling over the sky with signs of approaching violent storms . At the same time, in the secret base in Beijing, the 11 zodiac totem inheritors had perceived the same feeling! Among the originally invisible furnace barrier, one furnace seemed to be shifting, and the barrier greatly weakened . Since Wu Zijuan had already mastered her own abilities of switching between human form and tiger form at any time, and she started serving the country at the earliest, she was currently the captain of the team . “Do you feel it?” When she sensed it, she immediately asked . “One furnace is shifting, and the barrier has changed!” “It looks like the problem is in Yangzhou!” “Captain, what do you think?” Looking at each other, other zodiac totem inheritors asked unanimously . Getting confirmation from his peers, Wu Zijuan took a deep breath and knew how serious it was, hence she said . “We should report the news to the state immediately...; No matter what kind of change caused Yangzhou furnace to shift, we must re-stabilize it to repair the barrier . ” “What?” “Isn’t it impossible? Are you sure that you are not mistaken?” “They are the 9 furnaces that even you zodiac totem inheritors cannot accurately locate! Can it be found by others and be changed from its original position? Learning the news, Director Guo was shocked on the spot . “Director Guo, it’s true!” “Yangzhou Ding is rapidly shifting . The invisible barrier is also weakening . If it isn’t repaired in a short time, the consequences will be very severe!” “Although we can’t find it, there are many talented people in China! They might be able to detect it!” At the same time, their follow-up answers made even him have cold sweat, and his heartbeat accelerated . With the emergence of the 11 zodiac totem inheritors, all the information they provided were the focus point of the National Special Bureau, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and the national think tank . The inheritance of 9 furnaces, as the order of the legendary Emperor Huang, was also a top priority . As the supreme leader of the national special bureau, Director Guo had repeatedly read the myths and legends of 9 furnaces through various channels . Dayu created the 9, 5 were in yang oriented, and the other 4 were in yin oriented . The forger made yin furnaces with female gold and yang furnaces with male gold . The furnaces were often full to detect the weather . In Xia Dynasty, the water in the furnaces was suddenly boiling, and the 9 furnaces shook violently, which was the sign of an extinction . Now that New China had been founded for less than 100 years, 11 zodiac totem inheritors suddenly reported that one of the furnaces was shifting...;...; Although not able to recognize whether that something was related to luck and fate, Director Guo was fully aware that this was definitely a major event, and might even be related to the country . If he didn’t handle it well, the top leaders of the country would be angry at him! “It’s serious, do some preparations...;...;” “I will take you to meet the head No . 1, and you should explain it to him personally . ” Director Guo, who wiped off the cold sweats on his forehead and nose, said after repeatedly pondering . Without hesitation, they nodded right away . Yangzhou furnace was shifting . Ancient Yangzhou was large! In terms of the layout of modern China, it was the vast area south of the Huai River and southeast of the Chang River . Basically, the southern part of Jiangsu Province, the southern part of Anhui Province, Jiangxi Province, Zhejiang Province, Fujian Province, the eastern part of Guangdong Province and small parts of the eastern Hubei Province and Hunan Province were complete Ancient Yangzhou . After the head No . 1 learned the news of Yangzhou furnace, he also intended to conduct a carpet search on these modern areas belonging to ancient Yangzhou, making the tasks of the local officials extremely important . Some members of the National Think Tank believed that Yangzhou furnace might be buried deep underground, and it was shifting because it was dug out, or something disturbed it . From the perspective of modern society, it was very likely caused by the construction of road, railway excavation, or underground drilling . In view of this, the central government also dispatched personnel from other provinces to temporarily conduct field visits to every construction site, new roads and railway lines, and mineral resources drilling operated in these 3 months in the ancient Yangzhou area . The 11 zodiac totem inheritors were also ordered to travel around the ancient Yangzhou area, trying to perceive the location of Yangzhou furnace accurately . From the beginning to the end, it seemed that no one cared about Turtle Mountain in Jiangsu Province which also belonged to the ancient Yangzhou area, which was overwhelmed by the rainstorm . Chapter 130 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 130: Against the Floods</strong>  “Why doesn’t the rain stop?” “It had already lasted for two days and three nights . There’s no signal and network here . Is it a collective flood?” “Are we so unlucky? We even encountered flood when travelling!” In a hotel in Turtle Mountain, where the tour group that Hu Feng’s family participated in stayed, all members were unable to leave because of this endless rain . However, everyone in the county had the same misfortune! Rainstorms seemed to be more than just harmless rain, the telephone poles collapsed, the mobile phone signal base stations were short-circuited, the national highways were stuck, the resources couldn’t be sent in, and the lower-lying houses were flooded...;...; For a time, the county seemed to be isolated from the world, forming an isolated island alone, and drinking water and food were short in supply . The natural disasters were quickly detected by higher-level of the government, and the rescue measures for normal flood were also ready to operate . However, in the process of implementing specific flood measures, something unexpected occurred! Whirlpool! In the turbulent flood, there were numerous deep-water whirlpools of various sizes which emanated strong suction force . Ordinary firefighters, armed police, and officers and the People’s Liberation Army, cramped their arms and legs when stepping into the whirlpools even with ropes at the waist . If it were not for the comrades who rescued them in time, their lives would soon be devoured . Moreover, when they stretched long bamboo or reinforced iron tubes into the flood, they found that the suction was extraordinary even in the shallow water, and even a dozen professional soldiers couldn’t be compared with a washbasin-sized whirlpool! It gave them the feeling that the vortexes led to the unpredictable undersea and a horrible monster was there competing with people . As for the sandbags, kayak, large loaders, bulldozers, excavators, cranes and other equipment that were tailor-made for flood measures, collapsed as soon as they entered the flood immediately...;...; The irrigation, drainage devices and hydraulic lifters seemed to be useless at all because the floods seemed to be endless! For this reason, the engineers who manipulated these instruments couldn’t help but think if they encountered a supernatural phenomenon . Although the personnel could pump water manually, how could manpower be compared to the machines? All kinds of bizarre and unprecedented events shackled the government’s measures against floods, but it also attracted the attention of the 11 zodiac totem inheritors . Checking the map, they found that this flood-stricken county also belonged to the ancient Yangzhou area . Hence they could not help but have a question in their minds . Is Yangzhou furnace here? Did the floods stemmed from the shifting of the Yangzhou furnace? They rushed over right away . In the flood, the hidden whirlpools could trap the pace of ordinary officers, but it was a piece of cake for the zodiac totem inheritors . [Ox Totem], [Dog Totem], [Rat Totem] and [Snake Totem] inheritors familiar with water jointly exerted their own ability, built a boat accommodating at least 200,000 people, food and medical supplies, etc . , and successfully entered the county . Just entering the county, everyone was shocked since the barrier here was weakening as fast as an avalanche! A kind of demon aura correspondingly began to fill the world . The rolling clouds above their heads and the endless storms were only the signs of the demon aura . They could even imagine that the invisible barrier would disappear completely after 4 or 5 hours, and this place would also become a demon domain . “You four, help the disaster relief operation . Let’s find out the demon that caused the displacement of Yangzhou furnace and immediately destroy it!” They had been trained in the base of the National Special Bureau, but none of them had encountered any kind of monsters . Now they actually had the target, and it seemed that they were afraid of it, but actually couldn’t wait to join the battle . The assignment of responsibility was completed . The four zodiac totems inheritors, together with the soldiers and disaster relief officers, began to launch the flood control operation . The residents trapped on the roofs began to be transferred to safe places, the patients who suffered from violent cold and fever due to heavy rain finally received treatment by doctors, and most people were successfully saved . More than 4 hours later, the hotel that Hu Feng’s family stayed began to enter the sight of of the armed police and People’s Liberation Army . When the officers rowed a kayak and came to the hotel to save people, the trapped teenager Hu Feng pretended to be ‘surprised and delighted’ . At the same time, he secretly let go of the last seal of the [water monkey] under Turtle M . Chapter 131 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 131: Dayu’s Monument</strong>  After an instant, Turtle Mountain began to shake violently and everyone mistakenly thought it was an earthquake . “Dayu, you’re cheating!” A thunderous roar came from under the ground of Turtle Mountain . Despite the bad weather, the echoes were still clearly heard and the grievance and anger simply sounded unsettling . The zodiac totem inheritors immediately found that the source was from Turtle Mountain, hence they urgently sailed the boat over . Under the thundering, people in the vicinity could clearly see a monkey-like monster roaring furiously on Turtle Mountain . On the top of the sky, a bronze giant furnace with patterns of mountains, rivers, trees and beasts were looming in the clouds . The dense black chains derived from the giant furnace firmly locked the monster’s neck, making the latter struggle, but its range of activities was limited, hence it was unable to leave the peak of Turtle Mountain . A golden elliptical bell tied to the nose of the monster would ring whenever it shook its head, and the far-reaching sound attracted people’s attention . When the eleven zodiac totem inheritors sailed to the vicinity and looked up at the bronze giant furnace in the clouds, they were excited to perceive the specific location of Yangzhou furnace! It was conceivable that as long as this Yangzhou Ding was restored to its original place, the barrier in the ancient Yangzhou region would gradually recover . “Dayu! Come out and let me go!” At this moment, the monster shouted murderously . Throughout the distance, they were terrified after carefully observing the dozen-meter-tall monster . “Is it true that it caused Yangzhou furnace to shift?” “What is the origin of this monster?” “The body is too big...;...; We can’t be compared to it...;...; If we can’t dodge its attacks, we’ll die!” Observing through the satellites, the headquarters of the National Special Bureau evaluated and guessed the true identity of the monster . Opening the military individual terminal, the zodiac totem inheritors quickly started reading, and the captain took the initiative to explain . “Water monster in Huai River, resembling a monkey . Collapsed nose, convex forehead, white-headed and green body, good leaping ability, loves making trouble...;...;” “It is rumored that it was captured when Dayu was dealing with the floods, and he locked its neck with a big iron rope, tied a golden bell to its nose, and put him at the foot of Turtle Mountain to stop the floods of Huai River . ” “That’s it! The water monster!” Carefully observing the appearance of the monkey-like monster, they deeply confirmed that there was no mistake . A dazzling lightning crossed . Some zodiac totem inheritors found a row of lustrous bizarre characters on the black chain tied to the monster . Thanks to the fact that they learned a lot about the ancient Chinese culture in the headquarters of the national special bureau, they could recognize the general meaning of the ancient characters, including Oracle! But when they saw the shiny characters on the chain, they couldn’t recognize it at all . As if recalling something, Wu Zijuan looked to her teammates . “I remember that the ancient writing experts seemed to have mentioned that it’s different from oracle...;...;” “It’s from Dayu’s monument!” “In the legend, these are the secret characters he created after dealing with the floods . ” Reminded by the captain, the rest of them seemed to recall a little memory . The snake zodiac inheritor added . “I remember it! Dayu’s monument, the monument on the peak of the Heng Mountain in Hunan Province! The font contains the great power of Dayu!” No longer hesitating, Wu Zijuan immediately contacted the headquarters, asked to investigate the ancient characters on the chain with satellite, and checked the font on Dayu’s monument, striving to understand its meaning as soon as possible . Agreeing to her request, Director Guo ordered the totem inheritor squad to evacuate to a safe place because he had already obtained the approval of the head No . 1 that he would contact the Nanjing Military Region, and launch a massive thermal weapon aimed at the monster . In the speech, Director Guo also stated that if they weren’t considering the residents in Jixian County where Turtle Mountain was located, the first batch of firepower offensives would not be a death concerto composed of ordinary firepower such as anti-aircraft artillery and rockets, but a nuclear warhead departing from the secret military base of the Taklimakan Desert which symbolized the highest nuclear power of China . But in the next second, very unexpected to Guo’s surprise, Wu Zijuan made it clear that they should not bombard the ground with the firepower . “Do you know what you are talking about? Captain Wu, are you confused?” In the face of Guo’s questioning, Wu Zijuan reminded . “Director, can you see Yangzhou furnace thousands of meters above the monster with satellites?” “What? Yangzhou furnace is above it?” Director Guo was obviously stunned, but he quickly asked . “Impossible! There is nothing in the satellite image?” Pouting, Wu Zijuan solemnly said . “100% true! We all see it...;...;” “Director, we can’t guarantee whether the modern firepower’s offensive force can kill the monster and also not destroy Yangzhou furnace! Director, we really can’t take the risk . ” “We’ll try to remove Yangzhou furnace, and then we’ll see!” Director Guo was silent for a while, then he responded . “I have already announced the suspension of the offensive in the Nanjing Military Region . ” “I don’t object to the idea of trying, but I hope you don’t force it . ” “The head No . 1 stresses that this mission is very important, but he hopes to see that all the eleven people return safely!” “I can guarantee the completion of the mission . ” She raised her hand to salute and turned . Chapter 132 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 132: Dragon Totem</strong>  At the foot of Turtle Mountain, the 11 zodiac totem inheritors abandoned the boat to climb the mountain, no matter how they performed their abilities, Yangzhou furnace was still immoveable . After 10 minutes . “Captain, is it really unrealistic for us to do this...; . . ” “We can’t make it at all! We can’t even touch the furnace at all, it doesn’t help!” Some zodiac totem inheritors couldn’t help but whisper . Wu Zijuan had to admit that it was impossible to move the Yangzhou furnace in the sky with their current abilities . At this moment, the monster on the top of Turtle Mountain was gasping as it got tired when cursing Dayu . With its breath, tides were created in the flood that pervaded the surrounding world . When it inhaled, the flood began to rage and vortexes were born at the bottom of the water . When it exhaled, the rising tides caused many flooded buildings to completely shatter and destroyed in an instant . “Dayu! Don’t think it’s over!” Looking around the floods angrily, it hit upon a new idea when seeing the boat in the distance . It intended to flood Huai River, and let the natural disasters annex everything on the ground to retaliate against the pain that it had suffered from being suppressed for thousands of years . “Water comes!” It shouted, and the turbid flood started raging with trees, sand, garbage, stones, dead pigs and other dead animals . Not only the squad and the officers in Jixian County, but everyone could see clearly that turbid tides were rushing over on the horizon . “Tides! Tides are coming! Move to the higher places!” “Hovercraft, someone has fallen into the water there! “Sandbags, throw sandbags into dams . We have to intercept it . We must outrun the flood!” “Lifebuoy, I need a lifebuoy!” The tides in the distance had just begun to flood, but people witnessing the disaster and with poor psychological quality, had become panic-stricken to escape from the temporary platform here . With his parents, Hu Feng, who was also on the temporary platform, also pretended to be uneasy . Rumble! There was no chance of responding to the flood, the tides were rushing closer . Without stopping at all, the dam built by sandbags hurriedly could not be stop it for a second, but turned into countless sediments, adding more wreck to the flood peak . A few seconds later, the temporary platform also collapsed, and the numerous people began to fall into the water . Putting two lifebuoys he found on his parents, Hu Feng seemed to have no time to react, and he had been ruthlessly swallowed by the turbid flood, leaving only his father and mother to be saddened . “No!” “Son!” No one doubted Hu Feng’s whereabouts since it was impossible to survive in such turbid flood . But at the next moment . Light! Golden light! Infinitely bright and dazzling golden light illuminated from the underwater of the turbid flood . The non-stop turbid flood suddenly ceased in an instant . The rolling water stopped and the mighty tide disappeared silently . People looked around in disarray, but the fact just appeared in front of them . The flood had stopped! Almost at the same time, on Turtle Mountain, hundreds of miles away, the 11 zodiac totem inheritors were all shocked since they all perceived the last zodiac inheritor . “It’s the dragon totem! It’s definitely right!” Surprised, though unclear about the specific orientation of the dragon totem inheritor, they immediately reported the good news to the superior organization . In the next second of the flood being stopped, a more magical scene stunned everyone! Those who had already fallen into the ruthless flood flew out from the water safely . Each of them was wrapped in a golden transparent bubble and involuntarily flew out the surface of the water, and finally landed on the shore . The crowds were stunned and silenced . They wondered if there was spirit or it was the country’s latest technology . Even when they asked these lucky survivors, they were speechless as they confided that they saw the light surrounding them, after that they survived . At this moment, Hu Feng’s parents shouted the name of their son and ran around to find their lost relative like others . But people on the shore near the surface of the water faintly saw a slender figure swimming underwater, and ripples seemed to show that something was coming out under the water! Someone exclaimed and distanced . “Is it a crocodile?” No one answered, and no one said anything . At this moment, everyone was deeply shocked . A pair of deer-like horns on the head, facial features of human beings, golden dragon scales with brilliance under the throat, a smooth and crystal clear dragon ball under the jaw, slender limbs, and faint clouds winding around the body, as if to show everyone its beauty . Looking at the crowds, the creature resembled a dragon or a human being slowly said . “Dad, Mom!” Hearing his voice, Hu Feng’s parents sized him at carefully in shock . “Son, is that you?” The more they looked at the outline of his face, the more they felt familiar, hence Hu Feng’s mother asked . “Mom, can’t you recognize me?” Smiling, Hu Feng approached quickly, and the people along the way felt as if they were pushed away by an invisible force . Close to his parents, Hu Feng quickly told them some personal anecdotes . Suddenly, his parents turned their eyes from shock to excitement and believed in his identity . Looking closely at his appearance, Hu Feng’s parents couldn’t help but ask . “How come you...;...;become like this?” “In fact, I don’t know the specific reason...;...; At the moment when I fell into the water, I was desperately trying to struggle, but I couldn’t get out of trouble...;...;” Hu Feng pretended to be ignorant . “At the last moment of my drowning, I awakened the inheritance of the dragon totem...;...;” With a few words, he introduced his adventures and said goodbye to my parents . Under the gaze, Hu Feng looked at the location of the distant Turtle Mountain . Instantly, his body had already vacated, and the clouds that covered the sky were set against it . He showed the whole body of the dragon totem in the air! Thunderstorms, lightning, and winds raged . A dragon with a length of hundreds of meters and golden scales! Chapter 133 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 133: While on Cliffs of the Yangtze Gorges, Gibbons Ceaselessly Cries</strong>  Unable to move and pull the Yangzhou furnace, coupled with the accidental discovery of the nearby dragon totem inheritor, they no longer stayed in Turtle Mountain, but left quickly . However, when they just boarded the ship away from Turtle Mountain, the emergency call from the headquarters of the national special bureau came . “Hey! Captain Wu, can we talk now?” Looking at the furious monster on the top of the mountain, they started to leave the shore and really didn’t think that the other party could pose any threat to them . “Well...;...;we have checked the font on Dayu’s monument according the information you submitted, and we basically confirmed the meaning of the characters on the chain...; . . ” “What is the specific meaning?” The researcher at the end of the communication uttered . “Sealed forever!” Rumble! As if an illusion, when the researcher said ’sealed forever’, a powerful lightning rumbled in the sky . In the white light, the water monster turned slowly and fixed its eyes on the crowd on the ship . “I heard it...; You must be related to Dayu . You have to die!” The monster shouted, the flood tumbled fiercely, and the small ship seemed to collapse eventually . With the command of the captain Wu, four totem inheritors familiar with water tried to perform their abilities and stabilize the ship . Nevertheless, it didn’t help at all . Under the direct gaze of the water monster, even if the four totem inheritors tried jointly, there was no way they could take control of the flood from the former . The mighty tides were attacking the ship as if a small sailboat made of paper was devoured by the water in the lake . More than one cabin was flooded; hence, the ship would be destroyed sooner or later! “Don’t panic! Try to block the water inlet and stabilize the boat . ” In the storm, Wu Zijuan shouted and commanded . But they had no chance . As the monster smirked cruelly, the horrible tide as high as 100 meters pervaded, and the entire ship was going to be destroyed! Some girl totem inheritors could not help but start weeping, and some desperately closed their eyes, ready to wait for their dead end . Including Wu Zijuan, everyone actually knew that they had no way to survive if being stuck in the floods controlled by the monster . However, one second . Two seconds . Three seconds passed . The expected scene of the cold, biting, turbid flood swallowed them didn’t happen . Looking up, everyone was shocked to see that a giant dragon floating in the air blocked the tide in the front . The dragon touched its beard and it blew . With such a simple action, the tides dissipated on the spot! Even the inheritors who witnessed it closely could hardly understand what happened, but could only watch as the 100-meter-high tide containing countless sediments and infinite kinetic energy disappeared as if a naughty child wiped it off with large chunks of rubber . Instantly, there was only mist in the sky . From the satellite monitoring center of the headquarters of the national special bureau, the meteorological data from this area shocked the experienced staff because the data showed that the flood turned into water vapor in less than a thousandth of a second, stretching over thousands of kilometers . It was completely inconsistent with the process of liquid water turning into gaseous water under normal natural environmental conditions! Incomparably horrified, people in the meteorological satellite-monitoring center couldn’t go out of their trance for a long time . Wiping off the 100-meter-high tide, the dragon gently swung its tail and the mist was dissipated by the whistling wind . More wind gathered at the bottom of the boat where they were located like obedient pets . At the next moment, not relying on the power of the engine, the ship sprinted on the water like an arrow leaving the string . While on cliffs of the Yangtze Gorges, gibbons ceaselessly cries, Ten thousand folds of mountains, my skiff has slipped them by! Standing on the boat, Wu Zijuan had to admit that they seemed to have tasted the elegance of the literati on the Yangtze Gorges River from the past...;...; The wind ceased and the ship stopped . Looking back, the Turtle Mountain had become a small black spot in the distance . “Did we...;...;survive?” “Captain, the dragon...;...; Will it be...;...;” Surrounding Wu Zijuan, the 10 zodiac totem inheritors had a heartfelt gratitude that they could save their lives, but they couldn’t help but ask her if the other party was the dragon totem inheritor . “Maybe . ” “Although it was the first time I met, I think everyone should have an inexplicable familiarity with this dragon like me, right?” The 10 zodiac totem inheritors looked at each other and nodded . Seeming to think of something, Wu Zijuan frowned and said . “There’s something that should be done! Immediately inform the superior, tell him that we consider the dragon our last inheritor, and ask for support to attack the monster if necessary . Everyone, get ready . We’re going to Turtle Mountain on a bigger boat . ” Some couldn’t help but ask . “Captain, we just escaped, why are we going back?” Glancing at the person who raised the question, Wu Zijuan asked . “If you are trapped by the monster similar to the water monkey next time in a mission, but we leave you there, do you think that it is appropriate?” However, when Wu Zijuan changed a larger ship that was strong enough to resist the ordinary tides, they still could not get close to the Turtle Mountain . Thus they could only see the fierce battle between the dragon and the water monkey on the surface of the water thousands of meters away from the mountain, not because they were cold-blooded and ruthless, but due to the great danger of diffusion and aftermath! They clearly saw that sometimes a whirlwind spat from the mouth of the dragon exploded and created deep unexplained cracks on the mountain, and regardless of the living wild animals or rock trees, all the physical existence weathered into countless bloody sand . In this case, let alone helping the dragon deal with the water monster, it might be life-threatening even if they got a little closer . As the captain, Wu Zijuan must take both the pros and cons into consideration, not to mention the fact that there was not only her but also 10 other teammates on the ship . Therefore, she could park the ship here helplessly . Chapter 134 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 134: Destroy Yourself</strong>  Legend had it that Dayu had witnessed the water monkey dominating the Huai River area when he dealt with the flood, it persuaded the residents to worship the Huai Water God, and it claimed to be the King of Huai . The ambitious water monkey also strived to expand the forces, constantly revived the flood, and combined the Huai downstream with the Yangtze River . It was said that since he dominated from the south of Tongbai Mountain to Yunmeng swamp . Every demon there obeyed its orders and served for the King of Huai . Dayu was furious at the arrogant water monkey, summoned the gods, and personally issued orders to the beasts and dragons to capture the water monkey . Although unable to approach Turtle Mountain in order to help the dragon totem inheritor in the sky besiege the water monkey, the other inheritors on the ship not only watched the battle but also started searching for various legends about the water monkey . To be precise, they tried to find out the exact weakness of the monster, and inform the dragon totem inheritor, or simply took the opportunity personally to weaken its strength . Unfortunately, regardless of how they searched, they couldn’t discover its weakness from the myth . Moreover, even in the myth, Dayu required a comprehensive plan to capture the water monkey, which showed that it was a demon living up to its name! “Captain, why do we feel that this dragon totem inheritor has started moving slower and slower...;...;” “He was hit again! This is already the 4th punch...;...;” Witnessing the battle between the monster and the dragon for a long time, some careful teammates couldn’t help but murmur . The captain hence became slightly annoyed and anxious, walking back and forth in the cabin . After she reported the news about how the dragon was an ally, and it was suspected to be the dragon totem inheritor, the national special bureau headquarters authorized her as the first-line observee . If she felt necessary, she could call the headquarters, and the firepower attack could reach immediately within 20 seconds while the accidental injury range was absolutely within 100 meters! Actually, Wu Zijuan had wanted to call for support more than once, but they could not find an opportunity because the monster was too agile and clever! It had always tried to get close to the dragon for a melee fight; hence, out of fear of accidental injury, Wu Zijuan couldn’t do anything . Now, Wu Zijuan looked up and saw the dragon totem inheritor becoming a bit exhausted, which made her worry . “It’s about time!” Deliberately covering up his own strength, Hu Feng tried to lengthen the battle as much as possible, and the thought was suddenly hit upon in his mind . At the next moment, Hu Feng deliberately showed the monster his defensive flaw, exposing his weak abdomen . The water monster screamed and rushed over right away . The chains tied on its neck was stretched to the limit, but the water monster seemed to turn deaf to it! It forcibly resisted the uncomfortable feeling at its neck and attacked the dragon’s abdomen . Bang! Being hit by an impulsive attack, Hu Feng spat out lots of dragon blood in the air, it fell heavily on the ground, and the monster walked quickly to Hu Feng’s side, saying arrogantly . “Even though Dayu limited my strength, I, the King of Huai, can still take you down with ease!” Seeing this, the inheritors held their breath and didn’t know what to do . Especially the captain, she wanted to call for fire support, but the dragon and the monster were too close to each other . If the bombardment couldn’t take down the water monkey, but ruined the Yangzhou furnace in the sky and the wounded dragon on the ground, the result would be simply unacceptable . When she was hesitating, Hu Feng moved . He struggled to raise his head and asked in a low-pitched voice . “King of Huai?” “You flooded the mountains and caused many innocent lives to die, even though, do you live up the name of the king?” “Go to hell!” Not answering, the water monster showed him its sharp claws, ready to kill him . He didn’t dodged at all, but the dragon balls under his jaw shined, and a thin layer of golden light curtain arouse spontaneously, protecting him from the attacks . “You don’t deserve the name!” “You are just a water monster!” Unable to kill him, but still having to endure his sarcasm, the water monster was also completely annoyed . “So what? In Huai River, I’m God!” It screamed angrily . “You are nothing . After I break the barrier, I will let you pay!” The water monster violently impacted the light curtain, attempting to tear and destroy it . Hu Feng raised his head and seemed to be yelling at the people around him . “Today I will completely eradicate you...;...;” “Everyone, please help me!” In the view of the water monster, the dragon was confusing as it started talking to itself even when its end of life came . However, the inheritors felt his voice repeatedly echoing in their ears, telling them the tyrannical sin . Images of floods launched by the water monkey showed up in people’s minds, and the voice of the dragon was persuading them to help it . When they felt the same feeling, they suddenly found out that they were turned into countless dazzling light spots, plunging into the dragon in the air . The golden light curtain did not stop any of these alien light spots . Though the monster wanted to intercept, but it couldn’t do anything . In the blink of an eye, the inheritors all entered the dragon body . Like the first-person games, they felt that they seemed to become the dragon now, and the face of the water monster in front of them was clear . What was slightly different was that the players could control their characters in the game, but they seemed to be witnessing the real dragon controlling everything . “Please help me!” Again and again, Hu Feng, like a tireless repeater, screamed repeatedly in the air . Even his voice became hoarse, he still kept shouting . In the process, light spots from all directions flew over from time to time! The water monster was a bit panicked . To be precise, it was a little scared . It was clear that it was still on the upper hand, but it really perceived a sense of crisis when the light spots kept coming . Nevertheless, if it couldn’t tell the threats specifically . At this moment, nearly 800,000 residents on the banks of the Huai River faintly felt someone introducing the sin of the water monkey and a hoarse voice was persuading them to help it! As long as they felt slightly same, they would become countless light spots from the bottom up, turned into a long rainbow which flew into the distance, and disappeared in place . Such a strange, almost unbelievable large-scale event had immediately caused panic among people in the Huai River Basin . On the Internet, someone took pictures of people becoming light spots as a propaganda to declare that the end of the world had arrived since so many ordinary people had disappeared bizarrely . However, some considered them joking since it was too unbelievable . As for the national government, they had far more information than ordinary netizens, and they were more aware of the events in the Huai River Basin . After repeatedly contacting the inheritors, but still unable to establish communication, the head No . 1 immediately set Jixian County as the primary strike site for nuclear weapons, and secretly announced that the entire Jiangsu Province region must enter the first-level military alert . Once the negative existence emerged or the water monster intended to escape, they would immediately try to launch the nuclear weapons . Countless light spots fell into the body of the dragon, hence the water monster was unconsciously alert to the limit, and it could perceive the dragon seemingly contained infinite light and heat in its body, and its injury was rapidly recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye . It felt like running away, but the layered chains made it impossible . Nearby, an invisible repulsive force was faintly created for the purpose of it, and under the oppression, the flood and dark clouds originally controlled by it were unknowingly annihilated . “Not good!” It even now had a feeling that today might be its own doomsday . The golden light curtain that shrouded the dragon disappeared and the dragon leapt into the air . Condescendingly overlooking the water monster, Hu Feng swung his slender dragon body and shouted loudly . “The water monster, what is your sin?” Suddenly, the sky and clouds were discolored . People in his body and in line with his sights only felt that the water monster was only an incompetent criminal awaiting its trial . “God gave you a chance; hence you could survive after being put under the mountain by Dayu...;” “But you didn’t repent for your sins; instead, you revived the flood and endangered the world...;” In an instant, the water monster felt that the invisible repulsive force that was specific to itself seemed to expand to the limit and the anger of the tens of millions of people pressed against it . Hu Feng let out his last sentence slowly . “In this case, you must destroy yourself!” “Destroy yourself!” “Destroy!” Boom! The water monster suddenly exploded from the inside out and its stinky flesh and blood were scattered on the ground . The dragon in the sky was quietly gone . The Yangzhou furnace above the sky slowly descended and eventually disappeared above the Turtle Mountain . On the clouds, tens of millions of rainbows returned along the way . On the top of the Turtle Mountain, Hu Feng slightly adjusted and controlled his own consciousness, creating a situation in which he fainted out . On the water, the boat driven by the inheritors sailed towards the Turtle Mountain . Chapter 135 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 135: Secret of the Dragon Totem</strong>  “I almost forgot! Since I was fighting with the water monster for so long, how can I have no internal injuries?” Before the other inheritors rushed over, Hu Feng created multiple fractures in his body, and the internal organs were damaged and displaced, leaving himself at his last gasp . After these arrangements, Hu Feng hypnotized himself and fell unconscious again . The surgery was over . Inside the Beijing Special Care Unit . Hu Feng was still asleep . “Dr . Liu, how is he?” Director Guo, who heard the news, couldn’t wait to ask . Around the hospital bed, in addition to the basic medical care unit and Hu Feng’s parents, there were members of the special national bureau, as well as the other totem inheritors . Even if it was a spacious intensive care unit, and it was impossible to accommodate so many people, hence many people could only stay in the hallway, waiting to understand the safety of the dragon totem inheritor . Turned to look at Director Guo, the inquired physician pushed the glasses on his nose . “To be honest, I really doubted that a 20-ton truck crushed the patient back and forth before he was to the hospital since injuries were almost everywhere...;...;” “Normally, people would’ve died due to such terrible injuries on the spot for a long time...;...;” “But this patient...;...;” Slightly turning, he indicated that everyone looked at the patient Hu Feng and continued . “The desire for survival is really extraordinary . After the surgery, we have saved his life . It is estimated that he will wake up when he has enough sleep...;” Hearing this, everyone let out a sigh of relief, as they were afraid to hear the doctor giving up on the dragon totem inheritor . “But to restore to the original healthy state, it will take at least several months . ” Director Guo smiled since the fact that the dragon totem inheritor Hu Feng required hospitalization showed that they could fully represent the national government to carry out meticulous care for Hu Feng, hence they could invite him to join the national special bureau when he was discharged from the hospital . All the 12 zodiac totem inheritors would be here! Even if the dragon totem inheritor was indifferent towards the country, he would try to change his distrust of the government with warmth during his time in the hospital . He ordered a group of people to stay in the intensive care unit for protection and ensured that the dragon totem inheritor Hu Feng was always in sight . Director Guo rushed to the PLA General Staff with the other totem inheritors . There, a special meeting aimed at the dragon totem inheritor, 9 furnaces and the water monster was waiting for them . “Well, since everyone is here, let’s start . ” Seeing Director Guo and others sitting down, the General Staff of the People’s Liberation Army Cheng Bingde nodded and took the initiative to elaborate on the theme of the meeting . “Everyone should know that the last dragon totem inheritor has showed up in Jiangsu Province . ” “Different from the other zodiac totem inheritors, the dragon totem inheritor seems to have the magical ability of controlling water, flying, transforming to dragon, etc . , even his body size was large enough to cause unimaginable destructive power in any city!” “In view of this, the head No . 1 also hopes us to take the lead in exploring and researching why the dragon totem inheritor has strength way beyond others’, so that the other zodiac totem inheritors can therefore become more powerful . ” The first question of the meeting was to study the reason why the dragon totem inheritor was so strong and outrageously powerful, and they would try to replicate that on other Zodiac totem inheritors . A large number of experts and professors from different fields stood up and publicized their own personal reports on the dragon totem inheritor Hu Feng, whose strength far exceeded others’, but no one could impress or convince everyone . Either it was their personal subjective delusions, or it was flawed, not in line with normal reason . Listening quietly, Wu Zijuan had a guess . She looked around, but there was a professor from the Chinese Department of Peking University stating his point, so it seemed a bit impolite to interrupt him . Her worried face caught the attention of Cheng Bingde . To study the dragon totem inheritor, how can you not understand the whole group of the zodiac totem inheritors? Cheng Bingde had read the documents and photos of the newly appeared dragon totem inheritor Hu Feng and other eleven zodiac inheritors more than once . He knew Wu Zijuan, the tiger totem inheritor . What’s more, Wu Zijuan was one of the 12 zodiac totem inheritors . If she was willing to stand up and take the initiative to explain her own ideas, it was definitely more accurate than the outsiders’ guessing! Reaching out to interrupt the professor, Cheng Bingde looked at Wu Zijuan gently . “If you have any thoughts, you can say it now . ” Though she was timid and shy in front of strangers like ordinary girls, she had long been unaffected by these superficial emotions as she became independent . Not afraid, she stood up and said . “Hello everyone, I am a member of the 12 Zodiac Totem inheritors, I personally have a guess . ” The meeting room was quieter and everyone looked up at her . “Except dragon, the other 11 zodiac signs have concrete objects in modern society...;...;” Wu Zijuan still looked calm . “It’s often said that ‘the rarer a thing is, the more it is worth’ . ” Chapter 136 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 136: The Disappearance of Gods</strong>  Many experts and professors frowned slightly as obviously her explanation was somewhat difficult to understand . Observing the face of the crowd, Wu Zijuan simply gave examples to further prove her thoughts . “Everyone doesn’t seem to understand, then let us look at an inappropriate analogy . ” “Security, cleaners, traffic police, teachers, presidents...;” “We say that labor is glorious, and every occupation mentioned above is also a laborer . Even the basic monthly salary of the president is only 100,000 . ” “But in the real world, are these five major occupations equal? Does everyone treat these five workers equally?” “A normal laborer may be able to try all the first four occupations, but they may not be able to become a president no matter how hard they work!” Looking at the experts and professors around shocked by her idea, Wu Zijuan threw out new arguments . “I think the dragon totem is equivalent to this fifth profession . The dragon totem inheritor isn’t too strong . ” “The truth is, the other totem inheritors are too weak . ” In the end, Wu Zijuan simply explained the relationship between the dragon and the zodiac in one sentence . “The dragon must have been ripped off when it was classified as a zodiac totem by Emperor Huang since the dragons play an important role in the myths and legends . ” “It’s their blessing that the other 11 ordinary animals are classified as the zodiac since there are only a handful of stories of the 11 common animals in myths and legends . ” “The two cannot be compared . ” “So I think it would be impossible to make the other 11 ordinary zodiac totem inheritors become as strong as the dragon totem inheritor . ” Then Wu Zijuan sat down safely . The meeting room was silent since everyone was still pondering over what she said . After a while, Cheng Bingde stood up and broke the silence . “This topic is over for the time being . I will present your speeches to the head No . 1 . ” “We should discuss the second question of the meeting now . Why is there a problem with Yangzhou furnace, why did the water monster appear?” This time, Cheng Bingde did not let anyone answer, but analyzed and stated his speculation personally . It seemed that he was also prepared to let others help him with his point of view . “According to the information provided by the national special bureau, the chain tied to the neck of the water monster was engraved with font found on Dayu’s monument, and the real meaning behind it is [sealed forever] . ” “For thousands of years, the Yangzhou furnace didn’t move a bit, which is undoubtedly enough to explain that the power of [sealed forever] was never cut off . ” “I personally think that if the divine power of [sealed forever] was cut off, then it would have been normal that the water monster escaped from the seal . ” Knocking at the conference table, Cheng Bingde talked louder . “But today, the font still existed on the chain, but it showed up inexplicably on the ground, which was absolutely abnormal . ” “So I think there must be some foreign interference helping the water monster to get out of the seal . ” Then he changed the topic . “You should know the supernatural existence of Chiyou and Xiangliu, right?” Looking at the people around, Cheng Bingde narrowed his eyes . “I have repeatedly gone through the satellite video from that day . Before Chiyou left, he reminded Xiangliu . ” Turning on the large-screen projection equipment of the conference room, Cheng Bingde indicated everyone to look over . On the screen, the giant Chiyou moved his lips quickly . He uttered fast, the voice was extremely quiet, and it wasn’t even audible when the volume was enlarged to the limit . Pausing the screen, Cheng Bingde, pointed at the lips of Chiyou, took out the reports which he had consulted with the linguistic experts in advance, and distributed them to everyone to browse . Finally, he said in confidence . “I have consulted more than 10 experts . They have repeatedly analyzed and researched before confirming what Chiyou said . He should be ordering Xiangliu to do something . ” When it came to this, everyone understood what he meant . He was skeptical about Xiangliu sneaking into China and interfering with Yangzhou furnace . Holding his forehead, Director Guo could not help but think . Logically speaking, the nine furnaces and the barrier absolutely limited the involvement of Chiyou . If Xiangliu interfered with Yangzhou furnace and released the water monster, it not only could achieve the idea of retaliating against the descendants of Emperor Huang, but would also weaken the barrier . It was possible! “Chief of Staff, do you have any specific evidence?” Raising his head, Director Guo asked . After all, if Chiyou framed it, didn’t it show that Chiyou kept thinking about breaking the nine furnaces and destroying the barrier? “There is no evidence; it is just my personal speculation . ” His response was straightforward, but his next sentence shocked Director Guo! “But if I were Chiyou, I would never give up since the dragon totem inheritor ruined my plan . ” “Conceiving a new plan to break the furnaces is the thing . ” “So you want to say . ” Director Guo was astonished . “If any supernatural events similar to the water monster and related to the furnaces and the barrier occurred in the near future, it shows that Chiyou was really behind the scenes . ” “You can say that again . ” “Such imagination, but I really didn’t think so much further...;” In the intensive care unit, Hu Feng, who already woke up, answered his parents and perceived the meeting, hence he learned Cheng Bingde’s conjecture . Originally, Hu Feng intended to let Chiyou’s body double show up in mainland China after the event of the water monster, then the 12 inheritors would turn into Xuanyuan Sword, damage Chiyou severely, and wouldn’t be able to do this again in the several following years, ending the Chiyou incident . Now, he felt that it was unnecessary to end the incident so soon . However, before this, Hu Feng felt that it was necessary for him to solve the mystery about the disappearance of the gods . After all, his previous supernatural events that attracted the attention of the world also caused many to start thinking about why the supernatural beings were originated in Eastern Asian countries, and why didn’t other gods in their myths and legends ever appeared? On the Internet, the discussion turned heated . Hu Feng also realized that this was a perfect opportunity to fudge the world and acquire a huge amount of fudge value . Therefore, he intended to explain why the supernatural beings in other countries had not appeared with a lie! In Eastern Asian civilization headed by China, in myths and legends, gods had a natural circulation . The Buddha also had the idea about the end of the era . The final chapter of Western Nordic mythology also had the so-called ‘dusk of the gods’ . In Greek mythology, there was the original god Gaia, the mother of the first generation of the earth . The second generation was a god system dominated by the twelve Titans . The third generation was Zeus-based gods of Olympus . Since there were 3 generations of gods, it proved that the third generation of Olympus would signify the end . Chapter 137 <strong>Chapter 137: Atlantis</strong>  Nevertheless, Hu Feng did not intend to explain the mystery regarding the disappearance of the gods by simply telling the world that the gods died . After all, Chiyou, Xiangliu and the water monster were all extraordinary existences that had lived for over thousands of years . In order to make it as logical as possible and to explain why such an extraordinary existence reappeared in the mortal world, Hu Feng was determined to explain like this: In all the records of myths and legends in the world, those supernatural beings like the gods did not die, but almost all of them left earth thousands of years ago . Pondering, Hu Feng added a new setting: Thousands of years ago, the gods had already detected a cosmic storm . Unlike the ignorant and unaffected people, the extraordinary existence felt the horror of the cosmic storm . The more powerful and extraordinary the existence was, the greater the impact the cosmic storms would pose . Since it was difficult to estimate the duration of the cosmic storm, the Oriental Buddha called it the end of the era, and the Western gods named it the dusk of the gods . Whether it was the heavenly land in the East, or the Temple of Olympus in the West, they all left before the cosmic storm came...;...; As for Chiyou, Xiangliu and the water monkey, they were unable to leave due to special reasons such as restraint, seal, and suppression . However, the sorrow and the blessings were reliant; they were safe when the cosmic storm came due to the same reason . Some of weaker existence also survived on the Earth . Thousands of years had passed; the cosmic storm finally stopped covering the earth this year and left . The disappearance of the cosmic storm made the extraordinary existence realize that the end of the era was over; hence, they could start creating trouble . This was also the reason for the burst of spiritual mobile game ‘Ghost Gate’ in Shanghai, the awakening of martial artist Meng Jingyu, the Hyakkiyakou pervading in Japan, the water monster in Jiangsu! It was conceivable that more extraordinary existence would also emerge in public . Maybe those who were now far away from the Earth, would also find the coordinates of the Earth from the universe under the massive beliefs of the people, and decided to return . “Yes, the logic is correct . It perfectly explains the root causes of the frequent occurrence of various supernatural events in the past year . It also secretly conceals the fact that there will be more supernatural events in the future . ” Hu Feng pondered thoughtfully . He had confirmed the final answer to the disappearance of the gods, but if no one told the people, they might never know it even if they thought about it for a lifetime! “I must find a middleman to tell the people in the world quietly why the gods disappeared . ” In order to make the mystery of the disappearance of the gods as objective and fair as possible, Hu Feng felt that it was necessary to find a pure foreigner who did not belong to the Eastern or Western civilizations . “Let an alien act as a middleman to convey the message?” “The aliens who had large meteorites as spaceships rushed towards the earth . When everyone thought it was the arrival of doomsday, they revealed their identities as alien lifeform?” “When in contact with the leaders of the major powers, the aliens inadvertently revealed the mystery about the disappearance of the gods?” Contemplating this, Hu Feng suddenly felt something was wrong . Why would the aliens come to Earth? Why would they want to contact with the Earth? The aliens have nothing to do with the disappearing gods! “I have to ponder about it . ” In the following weeks, Hu Feng pondered in the special care bed . He finally combined the story of the aliens, the gods and the people of the earth, and madec combined them together, making the plan sound reasonable . There were civilizations on the earth, and the mighty beings such as the gods were called spiritual civilization in the universe . At the Atlantic Ocean, there was also the materialistic civilization of Atlantis . The main member of this civilization was the mermaid family with technology as the main means . During the early development of Atlantis civilization, they discovered the existence of spiritual civilizations on land and in other sea areas . In order to avoid unnecessary disputes, the Atlantis civilization was ready to leave the earth and find a new home in the universe that was suitable for its own race and had no neighbors . As the cosmic storm was about to come, the Atlantis civilization that left earth felt that the earth would be no man’s land if the spiritual civilization chose to leave . At that time, the Atlantis civilization, with its advanced technology, only respected the spiritual civilization, but did not care about the human beings who were in the feudal era . Moreover, they might not be able to find the planets with liquid water though planets were plentiful in the universe . With a bit of ambition and caution, the vast majority of the Atlantis civilization had left, but a small group secretly stayed and lurked in the Atlantic Ocean . The plan of the Atlantis civilization was simple . If the spiritual civilizations, that was, the mighty gods, were gone, and they could not find a new planet with liquid water, then they would return to Earth right away . However, they could not expect that though the spiritual civilization individuals still had not returned, ordinary humans also embarked on the technological road in material civilization, and they kept making a spurt of progress! The most crucial thing was the nuclear weapons . The Atlantis lurking on the earth understood that they could only get a planet with completely destroyed ecosystem if a war broke out . Disappointed, the surviving mermaid family sent a message to outer space several decades ago, proclaiming that the Atlantic civilization would completely withdraw from the earth . After decades of space navigation, the meteorite spacecraft of the Atlantis civilization finally arrived at the Earth, ready to pick up the compatriots lurking for many years . Due to the rapid progress of science and technology of human beings over the years, the Atlantic civilization had tried to resolve this matter peacefully, so it would communicate with the people of the earth . The meteorite spacecraft that they parked in the solar system was both an invisible warning to the people on the earth and a determination to pick up their remaining compatriots . “Quite good! As long as the leaders and the alien Atlantis talk, they will inadvertently reveal the root cause of the disappearance of the gods!” Thinking about it, Hu Feng could not wait to implement it . Chapter 138 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 138: Approaching Doomsday</strong>  Today, all countries that had spared no effort to observe the space, had specialized observatories that recorded what they saw and heard, trying to discover the secret law of the universe and the stellar planets . The United States of America not only had a number of observatories, but also funded for research and space telescopes in the Earth’s orbit . The most famous telescope was the Hubble . In the vast universe, the biggest threat currently was the meteorites . Large meteorites were wider than hundreds of kilometers, small ones were only a few centimeters long . At least five tons of meteorites affected the earth every day . Most of the meteorites were burned out by high temperature vaporization in the atmosphere, and a small part of the meteorites that rushed out of the atmosphere would be very likely to fall into the sea . In the National Optical Observatory, the staff were responsible for observing some meteorites that might hit the Earth every day . The meteorite numbered Y199831, about 200 kilometers in diameter, was moving normally in space at a cosmic speed . In the first few days, though the staff discovered the meteorite and derived its final forward orbit and acceleration, no one cared about it because it would most likely not hit the earth . The number of meteorites in the universe that accidentally swept through space, was an astronomical figure; hence, all the staff regarded it as a trivial matter . However, as time went by, the meteorite Y199831 began to accelerate abnormally, and the orbit became faintly closer to the earth, which attracted the attention of astronomers and assistants . They collected the data of the meteorite over the past 100 hours and transmitted to the NASA internal forum, and then an astronomer’s Internet research discussion was held . “Is the location of the meteorite accurate?” “In such a short period of time, the speed increased abnormally? In addition, the speed tripled? It has reached 540,000 kilometers per hour!” “We have checked many times with the Hubble telescope . The location of the meteorite is correct . ” “Although the meteorite accelerates strangely, it is precedented! The Halley’s comet that bypasses the earth every 76 years also keeps speeding up and derailing to update its new forward orbit . ” After knowing that the data was correct, many experts and professors raised their own personal conjectures about the sudden acceleration of the meteorite . Some even predicted that it might be interfered by the sun’s gravitational waves, and soon it would stabilize . Some optimistic experts joked that it might be a new comet, perhaps a younger brother of Halley’s Comet, visiting the Earth every occasionally . However, 8 hours later, no astronomers dared to joke! In the observatory, the computer showed that the meteorite would no longer follow the same orbit, but would hit the earth after a week! Hundreds of astronomers were stunned since an argument related to meteorites was widely known when scientists studied the mystery of dinosaur extinction . That was, the dinosaur went extinct in a ten-kilometer meteorite impact and its chain reaction – huge tsunamis, global fires, acid rain and atmospheric dust that blocked sunlight for months or years . Now, it turned out that a huge meteorite was rushing towards the earth unstoppably, though human beings, with advanced technology, were not like the dinosaurs, how many people would die a week later? They immediately contacted the White House . Hearing the astonishing speech of astronomers, President Trump had a headache . As he was busy with the China-US trade war, such bad news really disappointed him . “Can we attack the meteorite to destroy it with nuclear weapons?” Scratching his head, President Trump frowned . “Mr . President, your whimsy is very good . ” Learning about the speed of nuclear bombing, astronomer George smiled and shook his head to President Trump . “However, bluntly speaking, space is different from the atmosphere . Even with multiple rockets as a driving force, the speed of nuclear weapons is hard to catch up with the meteorite since the two were not on the same level . ” After a quick review of a large number of confidential documents, President Trump was thrilled . “I remember that we have an international space station in outer space, which is equipped with laser weapons to annihilate the meteorites that may hit the space station in advance, can we use it to deal with the current crisis?” Instantly, National Aeronautics and Space Administration Director Edward reminded him . “Mr . President . ” “Those laser weapons can deal with a small amount of small meteorites that occasionally hit the space station, but its laser power is not enough to crush a huge target of more than 200 kilometers in diameter! Upon hearing this, President Trump frowned and became even more anxious . In a week, the meteorite will hit the earth? In such a short period of time, even if he wants to organize the deployment of protective measures, it is too late! With more than 300 million people living in the United States, how many people can survive in the catastrophe? Taking a deep breath, President Trump immediately ordered the major astronomers to calculate the exact location of the meteorite impact in the shortest possible time . He also made the worst plans, such as evacuating people in advance, maintaining post-disaster order and stocking relief supplies . Of course, in order to maintain social stability, it was impossible to concede until the last moment . Chapter 139 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 139: Change of Meteorite</strong>  China, also a superpower, monitored the starry sky day and night . As the meteorite abnormally accelerated and changed the orbit, the headquarters of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People’s Republic of China, as well as the branch research institutes throughout the country, started calculating overtime and predicted that the meteorite would eventually fall into the Atlantic Ocean in less than a week . When they found that the disaster would not take place in the eastern hemisphere, the head No . 1 undoubtedly let out a sigh of relief . As for the subsequent natural disasters such as the global tsunami that might be triggered by the meteorite, though it would cause certain impacts on China’s coastal areas, it was still within the acceptance of the state . In the Office of the National Highest Leader . “Head, should we warn the European countries near the Atlantic in advance to give them a meteorite warning?” Without a positive response, the head No . 1 turned to look at the relevant person in charge of the National Space Administration . “It seems that only US has established international space station in outer space, right?” “Yes! The Chinese space station of China, codename Cangchong No . 1 will be completely completed in 2022 according to the five-year plan . At present, only one construction project is completed . ” Upon hearing this, the head indulged . “We can predict the meteorite impact disaster many days in advance, based only on the observatories across the country . ” “With more observatories than ours and a unique international inter-station, it’s impossible for the United States to be unaware of this . ” “But nothing happened now . Obviously compared to the notification to the European countries in advance, the United States is more willing to see the former suffer . ” “Although the UK has already announced its departure from the EU, who can guarantee that the British people will not be feverish and ask for EU membership again?” “A European continent damaged by meteorites, the fragmented EU countries, will be far more in line with the ultimate strategy of the United States to permanently dominate the world than the current Europe . ” Reaching out to the desk, the head decided . There had never been a sentiment between the countries, and interest was always the first priority . If the US wanted to rip off the European countries, it was totally okay for China to ignore it . In addition to the necessary withdrawal of the overseas Chinese, the head already knew what to do . When China and the US reached a consensus in an invisible situation, the international situation became calm, and there was no news of any meteorite coming . In Europe, many countries lacking personnel and funds, did not discover the meteorite until the last two or three days before the horrible impact! 72 hours later, the large meteorite with a diameter of more than 200 kilometers would eventually fall into the Atlantic Ocean, and all European countries in the coastal areas would suffer from the impact . Possible subsequent disasters were raised and discussed by naturalists and climatologists, and the whole continent of Europe fell into anxiety . In desperation, many European residents in the coastal areas began to move wildly inland, and those poor slums who had no money to leave or had nowhere to go started the carnivals . Supermarket, restaurants were robbed, and they did not even let go of the vending machines...;...; The underworld leaders simply announced that they would take over the coastal cities after the evacuation of government personnel . The chaotic events such as the collective sex party and the crowded drug abuse among the young people emerged endlessly...;...; The cult militant group began to be extremely active, and they started promoting everyone’s original sin, as only by adhering to the sect gods could they survive the natural disaster of meteorite . A large number of shootings, arson, rape, murder and other catharsis took place on the streets...; Some states close to the Atlantic Ocean in the US indeed had a panic, but under the control of President Trump, all the riots have been suppressed, and a large number of people began to evacuate and the basic social order was preserved . As time went by, the news that a large-scale meteorite would hit Atlantic Ocean had gradually attracted more and more people from all over the world . The news media organizations started new programs and invited astronomers to make reports . Among them, the Voice of America’s ‘The Countdown to Meteorite Hits’ was the most famous . The Chinese channel also invited many experts and professors to explain the origin of the meteorite, its changes and how to survive after it hit the earth . Just when people around the world kept receiving the news of the meteorite, something stunned everyone occurred! The meteorite stopped at a distance from the Earth in outer space quietly . It was not a joke! As long as you could afford a telescope, anyone could see the large meteorite numbered Y199831 in the starry sky . What happened? The meteorite stopped in the dead space? Those who believed in Catholic Christians in the US considered it God’s gospel . Other religious believers also considered it the power of their own gods . As the arguments heated up on the Internet became endless, even radicals threatened to be tied up with explosives and send the pagans to hell tomorrow . A large number of people in Europe only felt that the hope and surprise came too fast . In the eyes of scientists, if the gods showed up and performed miracles, they would believe in their power . After all, there had recently been large-scale supernatural events in Japan and China . However, if no gods stood out, maybe there might be another reason for the abnormal change of the meteorite! Chapter 140 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 140: Atlantis Civilization Messenger</strong>  Inside the National Ministry of Science and Technology, Beijing, China . The fact that the meteorite stopped its descent improperly in space became the focus of researchers and all technicians recently . Every day, experts and professors proposed a lot of speculation and hypotheses, and then everyone discussed about it, trying to fully explain the root cause of the incident . Today, Professor Fang proposed that to not look at the meteorite from the perspective of the natural laws of the universe . If the initial acceleration and the bizarre stagnation were both supposedly man-made manipulations, could anyone explain everything perfectly? Simply put, Professor Fang suspected that an Extraterrestrial life controlled the meteorite! The conjecture suddenly stunned everyone . Since the Soviet Union launched its first extraterrestrial satellite in 1957, the universe had officially appeared in front of global countries . In the universe, whether there were intelligent lifeforms apart from the human race had become a lifelong study for numerous astronomers . Unfortunately, even now, the exploration from major powers in the world still could not provide direct evidence to show signs of any alien intelligence life that did exist . To Professor Fang’s conjecture, all the experts couldn’t help but realize that it was a possibility that the aliens were controlling the meteorite because the meteorite would have to conform to the basic laws of the universe even if there was a change in its speed and orbit according to the natural laws of physics . Usually, the gravitational waves of nearby stars was the most important reason for the change in meteorite . However, both the acceleration and the stagnation of the meteorite indicated to some human factors faintly! Alien? Reciting this word, a large number of experts and professors became excited . Civilization or race different from the Earth! In the universe, humans finally had new friends? Were they good or evil? Were they also the same carbon-based lifeforms as humans? Or a silicon-based mechanical life? Or was there no entity, but quantum signal integration? Before anyone actually saw an alien, no one dared to assert their customs, languages, appearance and ethnic history . In the eyes of Hu Feng, it was time for the Atlantis civilization to have their debut . The meteorite had parked in the orbit for 12 hours now . Regarding the idea of aliens, the Chinese government also tried to launch electromagnetic waves to establish contact with the aliens behind the meteorite after submitting the report to the head No . 1 . However, it was a pity that they only received silence . When some heads of the Chinese government were skeptical whether they were actually aliens, the latter actually showed up! These aliens quickly took over the authority of the major television stations and all online websites around the world to start their own announcement . The azure sea occupied the homepage of the TV screen and the major websites . One 2-meter-tall person with hands and face resembling humans but the lower body of that of a mermaid spoke Chinese, English, French, Japanese, German and other languages simultaneously . “Humans on earth, I am Robert Wilson . I would like to say hello to you on behalf of the Atlantis civilization . ” “After eight hours of Earth time, I will act as the messenger and come to the UN headquarters...;” “Repeat, after eight hours of Earth time, I will be the messenger and contact the UN headquarters...;” Robert, who claimed to be the Atlantis civilization messenger and resembled a male mermaid, had completely disappeared . At the same time, people from all continents wondered if they were still sleeping . Some people insisted that he was not an alien, and it must be some international hacktivists who interfered with the Internet and made such malicious jokes . Some skeptical with aliens deliberately called the police and the city government, hoping to confirm whether it was true or not . In China, it caused the attention of the network police department for the first time . After an urgent attempt to physically break the network in vain, the national network police department had to admit that it was not done by any highly skilled international hacker, but might have been done by aliens! After an urgent report to the head, the Chinese Foreign Minister rushed to the United Nations headquarters . Similar situation also occurred in countries all over the world . American President Trump also headed to the United Nations Headquarters Building with the Secretary of State and other senior US officials . On the way, President Trump secretly sent massive electromagnetic waves to the meteorite to repeatedly emphasize that the US welcomed the alien intelligent life with world’s unique international space station, hoping that both sides could jointly build a harmonious solar system in the future . President Trump obviously hoped that it was best to attract the interest of aliens and let the alien wisdom life only establish diplomatic relations with the United States . After all, President Trump had no doubt about their technical level of controlling the meteorite! If aliens and the United States teamed up, they might dominate the earth and even the solar system in the future . “God bless America!” On the special plane, President Trump could not help but smirk . Unfortunately, how could Hu Feng be interested in the United States? Therefore, the vast amount of information secretly sent by the International Space Station ended up with no response . Chapter 141 <strong>Chapter 141: Alternative Interpretation</strong>  After the mermaid Robert claimed claimed himself as the messenger of the Atlantis civilization, many news and media channels in various countries quickly reported, the heads of government rushed towards the United Nations headquarters, the words about aliens, Atlantis and mermaid Robert had become the hottest keywords on the Internet all over the world . Every second, at least 7-digit netizens searched it . The discussion about Atlantis had heated up on the global Internet . Before Robert had yet appeared at United Nations Headquarters and talk with the leaders, a large number of experts and professors started using personal online accounts to discuss about the specific topic that aliens might talk with national leaders, or to analyze how many years ahead was their current technology from us, and to predict what this planet and its nations would evolve into in the future . To put it simply, as long as it could quickly attract the attention of netizens, they would do everything! In order to maintain the heat, they even threw out some nonsense such as that the aliens might take the opportunity to brainwash the leaders and then control the world secretly . The journalists, though without the professional qualities of experts and professors, also started spreading rumors with unilateral information . Soon, just a few hours later . An article from the British Times combined with the alien and Andersen’s fairy tale ‘The Daughter of the Sea’ quickly went viral . In China, journalists changed a title and translated it into Chinese, immediately making it their own original news . 【Shock! News that 1 . 3 billion Chinese do not know! As early as hundreds of years ago, Andersen secretly informed the world of the existence of the alien mermaids from Atlantis civilization . 】 “Today, the news that the aliens came to earth has become viral . Here, I want to analyze a secret with everyone . ” “That is, as early as hundreds of years ago, the famous European fairy tale writer Andersen, in fact, in the fairy tale of his book ‘The Daughter of the Sea’, has already concealed the existence of the alien mermaid family in the Atlantic Ocean!” “If you don’t believe it, you can read the fairy tale ‘The Daughter of the Sea’ again, or listen to us carefully . ” “’The Daughter of the Sea’, formerly known as ‘The Mermaid Princess’, tells the story of the princess mermaid giving up her free life on the seabed and 300 years of life without fear of illness in order to pursue the human prince, leaves her wonderful voice in the hands of a vicious witch, drinks the witch potion, endures great pain caused by turning the fish tail into human legs, and pursues the love with her lover...; However, she eventually ends up in bubbles and dies . ” “In the past, when I read this fairy tale, I was sad for the mermaid princess, hated the vicious witch, and complained about the temperament of the prince . ” “However, with the appearance of Mr . Robert, I suddenly found out that I was too superficial in the past!” “Please look at the background of the fairy tale first . ” “Before meeting the prince, the princess was a mermaid living at the bottom of the sea . She was free and comfortable all year around . She had a long life span of 300 years...;” “Living on the bottom of the sea, there is no doubt that the little mermaid does not belong to any human race . ” “Lifespan of 300 years?” “Do you know what the normal life span then in Europe was? Less than 34 years!” “Even in the 21st century, how many of Chinese can live healthily to 100 years old?” “Maybe some readers would call me mentally retarded now . ” “As a person who masters the truth, I will tell you the truth even if everyone hates me!” “Take a look at how the little mermaid drinks the witch potion, suffers from the pain, turns the fish tail into human legs, and then leaves the ocean to meet the prince...;” “Does the mermaid family had such a technology hundreds of years ago? Human genetic modification technology! This is the superb technology that humans can’t do now!” “According to my understanding, the witch should be the female mermaid scientist at that time . ” “With her help, the little mermaid was able to turn her lower body into human legs by taking medicine!” Internationally, many who believed the interpretation blindly began to hold large-scale demonstrations to protest strongly that the governments concealed the secret for so many years and demanded the immediate decrypting of all government documents involving aliens since citizens in democratic societies had the right to know . In the face of their behaviors, the leaders of European governments hated the journalists, but they had to deal with it in line with the principle of differentiation and appeasement . The European governments invited famous scholars and stars to cooperate with the announcement that there were no so-called secret documents and archives . Everything was a random assumption of the irresponsible journalists . They also solemnly announced that they would invite formal news media organizations to conduct live broadcasts outside the United Nations Headquarters building to inform people of the meeting between the aliens and governments as much as possible . As the vast majority of people attending the demonstrations left, a small number of diehards insisting on staying and even tried to throw the simple firebombs against the explosion-proof police who blocked the road . For them, the European governments no longer moderately appeased and directly punished them . With high-pressure water guns, rubber bullets, tear gas, refusal horses, cages, stun guns and other weapons and equipment, they soon took down everything . Chapter 142 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 142: Jesus</strong>  At the agreed time, in United Nations Headquarters . Despite sudden events, more than half of the countries’ ambassadors had arrived, and the five permanent members were chiefs . Thousands of invited journalists outside the United Nations building were ready to broadcast the meeting between the extraterrestrial intelligent life and the leaders of the major countries . A first-line reporter affiliated with the Washington Post in the United States even imitated the astronaut Armstrong from the Apollo mission posted on the personal Twitter account . “The establishment of diplomatic relations between the nations and the extraterrestrial intelligent life today is a small step in the history of American diplomacy, but a big step in the history of all mankind’s diplomacy!” “In the universe, human beings are no longer alone . ” Under the gaze of the satellites and observatories of various countries, a relatively flat, diamond-shaped, three-kilometer-long, large-scale spaceship, flew out of the meteorite and headed directly towards the United Nations headquarters . Under the gaze of numerous journalists holding microphones and the staff holding cameras, the silver-white battleships began to break through the atmosphere perfectly . In the process, no airflow and sparks had been produced, and they suspended in a counter-gravity state at a low altitude of one kilometer from the ground . A dazzling light emerged from the bottom of the battleship and it landed on the open space in front of the United Nations Headquarters building . In the shade of light and shadow, an avatar resembling a mermaid showed up . “Hello, everyone on Earth . ” “Since the earth’s atmospheric pressure, gravity, the mainland environment and other factors are not suitable for our direct arrival, so I had to arrive with the avatar . ” Robert’s voice was unusually loud and amplified . His language seemed to be translated automatically into different human languages, and anyone could easily understand what he meant . Journalists not familiar with technology only praised at their development, but the leaders of the countries looked more and more dignified . After all, the silver-white spaceship and the avatar could be considered as bragging or the intention to launch an attack at any time! With a high degree of vigilance and alertness, the leaders walked into the United Nations building with the avatar Robert under the escort of security personnel, followed by a group of journalists who were ready for a live broadcast . The first meeting between the two sides started formally . Robert seemed to have a deep understanding of the earth’s civilization as he did not hit around the bush, but simply told them that his superiors ordered him to arrive on earth to evacuate his compatriots . There were no contradictions and threats between Atlantis and the human civilizations . This remark not only shocked the leaders of the country but also stunned the people around the world . Evacuate compatriots? Was there an early Atlantis civilization on the earth? Why hadn’t people discovered their traces? Impossible? Were the alien civilization Atlantis in the universe and the Atlantis proposed by ancient Greek philosopher Plato the same? In this way, the human civilization had always developed under the surveillance of alien civilizations...; With all kinds of imaginary delusions that followed, some national leaders with heart disease could not help but start taking drugs . President Trump took the lead to stand up and ask . “Mr . Robert, are the compatriots you mentioned the underwater civilization Atlantis depicted by ancient Greek philosopher?” “Actually, we, Atlantis technological civilization, are also a member of the earth...;” It seemed that he wanted to create a suspense for the leaders of the countries; hence, he did not directly answer, but rather started recalling the history . “At that time, most of the world’s seas and continents were dominated by the human spiritual civilization . ” Not waiting for the leaders to ask about the spiritual civilization, Robert continued . “At that time, according to different regions, the powerful individuals in your spiritual civilization also gave themselves a variety of distinctive names such as Jesus, Devil, Brahma, Shiva, Taiyi, and Allah...;” At this moment, the entire United Nations Headquarters building was simply silent and everyone staring at Robert’s avatar was speechless because he was simply modifying the history of all mankind! Who was Jesus? The Son of God, the Son of the Savior, was now the highest in the Christianity of the Western society . Other names were also the highest gods from Indian mythology, the highest gods from ancient Chinese myths, and the only Gods of the Central Asian civilization . Since he claimed that Atlantis was a technological civilization and the ancient earth human beings were spiritual civilization, was it that the modern civilization in the world was also a technological civilization like Atlantis? According to many legendary miracles that Jesus performed while he was alive, President Trump continued to analyze keenly . Technological civilization, of course, changed reality with matter . Perhaps spiritual civilization referred to changing reality with spirit? The miracle of Jesus’ ‘five fishes and two cakes’ showed the believers the miracle without any channels and means...; This was clearly an event of spirit changing reality! A variety of inferences hit upon his mind, President Trump became skeptical . Chapter 143 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 143: Dusk of the Gods</strong>  The other leaders or the spokespersons looked anxious . However, Robert did not intend to stop, but uttered comments that were even more shocking . “But after predicting the cosmic storm, these powerful individuals of human spiritual civilization also chose to leave earth, thereby avoiding the cosmic storm...;” “So from thousands of years ago, with the almost invisible cosmic storm sweeping the earth, almost no inheritance of spiritual civilization was left unscathed...;” “We originally intended to take over the ocean and land after confirming that the existence of powerful individuals of the spiritual civilization wouldn’t return after the cosmic storm...;” Pausing, Robert sighed . “I never thought that you would establish a new technological civilization after human spiritual civilization was weakened . ” “So my superior ordered me to come to revoke the plan to take over the Earth . I will pick up all the Atlantis compatriots lurking on the earth within three days . I hope that you can stop from interfering when we act . We have always maintained peace and love to the outside world, but we will never show our enemies any kindness . ” “The dusk of the gods!” Hearing this, not only the Nordic journalists on the scene but also a large number of Nordic people in front of TVs and on the Internet felt shocked . Now they were thinking about that Odin had to leave the Earth due to the coming of the cosmic storm . It perfectly conformed to the annotations in Nordic mythology . Even the god Odin would eventually step into the dusk and could no longer keep the power to take over the world . In the past, Nordic people mistakenly thought that the so-called dusk of the gods naturally referred to the death of gods, but now it seemed that the gods could be immortal . The so-called dusk of the gods was naturally a metaphorical point – due to the arrival of the cosmic storm, the gods had to leave the earth to avoid the disaster! Soon, netizens in East Asia and China proposed on the Internet that the end of the era of the Immortal Buddha, perhaps suggested the cosmic storm . Christian nationals also considered the Doomsday trial in the Bible to be the return of Jesus, who left to avoid the cosmic storm . It then returned to test the beliefs of his original believers, rewarding the religious ones and punishing those who suspected their beliefs . British Prime Minister Ralph suddenly stood up and asked solemnly . “Mr . Robert, I don’t know when the cosmic storm started and ended . ” “The time when the cosmic storm started should be thousands of years ago, and it ended this year, otherwise I won’t visit the earth now . ” “After all, though there was no data at present showing that the cosmic storm will also cause damage to the products of scientific and technological civilization, but we should be prepared!” Thinking for a moment, Robert nodded very seriously . “In the universe, once the warship is disturbed by the storm, a slight deviation appears in the wormhole jump coordinates, or if we encounter other cosmic disasters, and then will it be a disaster?” The spokesperson for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs sent the news back to Beijing as soon as possible . In the office of the head No . 1 . The head frowned and repeatedly thinking about the sentence, [the cosmic storm ended this year] . “It is no wonder that there has been no large-scale supernatural events since the late Qing Dynasty until last year...;” The head No . 1 said thoughtfully . “However, this year, there was the Shanghai’s spiritual mobile game, the secret martial artist awakened from the grave, and the Hyakkiyakou in Japan...;” “It turns out that it was due to the impact of the cosmic storm?” Repeatedly thinking about whether the alien was deceiving deliberately, the head eventually considered it credible . Picking up a pen, he slowly wrote a document and sent to the local . “On the end of the cosmic storm and the subsequent impact on China and the world . ” “In combination with the alien intelligence from Robert, and the many events in China or Japan this year, perhaps more and more supernatural events may occur in all countries of the world in the future . ” “Like the Jane spinning machine in the industrial revolution in the 18th century, these supernatural events happening around the world may imply a sign of re-emergence of spiritual civilization on the earth . 80 million Communist Party members must be ready to meet the changing new world...;” In United Nations Headquarters Building . President Trump had thoroughly understood the intention of Robert as they only wanted to pick up the Atlantis compatriots lurking for many years, and they would like to solve it peacefully . Clearly clarifying all the causes and consequences, President Trump indulged in a moment and asked . “Mr . Robert, how many days does it take for you to evacuate your compatriots? Where will the evacuation take place? Do you need supplies or manpower to help?” Without any thoughts, Robert seemed to have planned everything and quickly replied . “3 Days . My compatriots are lurking in the Atlantic Ocean . I will deal with the specific evacuation myself and I will not bother you . ” “After we finished the evacuation, we will leave forever . ” Chapter 144 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 144: Seven Realms Project</strong>  After Robert finished his speech, the spokespersons of the five permanent members of the UN started a secret discussion . The five permanent members and their controlled countries conducted a vote for Robert and people all over the world . Then, the result of the United Nations decision came out: 137 voted in favor, 22 abstentions, and 9 voted against . The minority obeyed the majority, as the leader of the five permanent members, the ninth secretary-general of the United Nations, Antonio, officially announced the earth unanimously agreed to the request of Robert to evacuate his compatriots . As Robert began to act, many similar-looking Atlantis compatriots emerged from the deep ocean of the Atlantic Ocean under the observation of the satellites of the major countries . Eventually, they entered the silver-white space battleship . Handing over the control of Robert and the meteorite to the system, Hu Feng no longer cared about the remaining trivia . After his preparations, the mystery of the disappearance of the gods was clearly more appropriately explained . In the future, if there were other supernatural events, people and leaders of the world might be suspicious . Since he was done with the mystery of the gods, he decided to return to the previous track to deal with the existence of Chiyou and Xiangliu . If he could not arrange a reasonable ending for Chiyou as soon as possible, Hu Feng felt that the Seven Realms project he was going to implement would be greatly disturbed . After all, no matter how many supernatural beings he created in the Seven Realms project, they would be inferior to Chiyou, and there was no way for them to deal with each other . Excessively weaken the current strength of Chiyou? Still desperately trying to strengthen the follow-up supernatural ability? Hu Feng felt wrong with either way . “I have to calculate what I haven’t completed in the Seven Realms project in mainland China so far . ” When he first got the system, Hu Feng carried out various projects, but they were unrelated . Now he was determined to organize the follow-up projects carefully, he started the Seven Realms project today . Demon: The Water Monkey Magic: No Ghost: Spiritual Mobile Game Monster: No Fairy: No Buddha: No People: Meng Jingyu Maybe I can combine Chiyou’s project with the Seven Realms project and implement it together? After all, I have considered making a larger supernatural event in mainland China, soChiyou can take the blame...; Hitting upon the idea, he immediately found it intriguing . “In the current Seven Realms project, the three that have been created – the water monkey has died, and only Meng Jingyu and Ghost Gate are unknown . ” “The ghosts released by the villains role in the mobile game were taken away by the mages to hell, but the mobile game has not been destroyed, and I didn’t end the story of the mages or the underground hell...;” “I can take advantage of it to completely end the stories of Chiyou, Meng Jingyu, the spiritual mobile game and the underground hell . ” “So I can arrange the new project like this!” Hu Feng resolutely began to conceive . “The water monkey was unwilling to give up after the failure of the 9 furnaces plan . He colluded with the negative emotions of numerous netizens on the Internet in China, and the information gathered by massive data streams became the ‘cyber evil spirit’ . The cyber evil spirit is not willing to be active only on the Internet as it is eager to have a real body, trying to rule the world starting from Asia . For this reason, it has divided as a part of the data stream and created a mobile game called ‘Ghost Gate’, but it was destroyed by the mage from the underground hell . ” “As the released ghosts escaped in front of the mage, the cyber evil spirit deeply realized that if they wanted to develop their own forces, they must eradicate the underground hell . ” “Lacking information, the cyber evil spirit have been acting in a low-key manner . ” “After contacting with Chiyou, the cyber evil spirit learned that the gods had already left, and heaven was empty, and so was the underground hell . ” “The so-called mage was only the projection created by the conjecture by the death of people throughout thousands of years . ” “Chiyou confused the cyber evil spirit that he would help destroying the mages as long as it broke the furnace barrier . ” “The cyber evil spirit began to cooperate with Chiyou with rapid development . ” “They look for the players who abandoned the game, threw the players into the virtual world of games, movies and animations, modified their memories, and desperately extracted a great amount of human negative emotions to help it grow up . Eventually, they established a huge army, opened the gateway to the underground hell, killed all the ghosts, and occupied the underground hell . ” “In China, as Meng Jingyu could not find his lover, he began paying attention to the rumored underground hell...;” Hu Feng became more excited . “The 12 Zodiac totem inheritors and even the members of the National Special Bureau could be the investigators, as they kept collecting various clues step by step and eventually finding Chiyou, hidden behind the cyber evil spirit...;” “Xiangliu could serve as a small boss . Since it’s greatly restricted in mainland China, it’s naturally impossible to be comparable to its past . ” “Finally, it would be a big battle!” “Chiyou vs . 12 Zodiacs (Xuanyuan Sword), cyber evil spirit vs . Meng Jingyu . ” Hu Feng concluded the project . Chiyou was seriously injured and fell unconscious . The Zodiac inheritors could no longer use fit skills for decades . The infatuated Meng Jingyu could not find his lover, so he disheartenedly decided to die with the cyber evil spirit together, and then the latter returned to its original shape, leaving only a group of pure and solidified data flow sphere . The underground hell restored its former silence, and another potential crisis in Asia and the world was solved . “The original form of the cyber evil spirit may be able to make a big fuss later . I remember that the VR games were popular in 2017, but it seems that the price is high and there are many technical problems . In the end, it is still difficult to get close to ordinary people’s lives . ” Checking his plan, Hu Feng thought . “Maybe I can make a VR game with the original form of cyber evil spirit?” “But if there is no need to promote it to the public, even if I succeed in making the VR game, it will be controlled by the state . In addition, they will use it to train military exercises or simulate actual combat . It is impossible for ordinary people to have the opportunity to contact...;” “Forget it, I’ll think about it later . ” Realizing that it was not so simple, Hu Feng no longer thought about it . Chapter 145 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 145: Chinese Dragon Group</strong>  Although Hu Feng no longer directly manipulated Robert, the mystery of the disappearance of the gods he mentioned still stunned the world . In the intensive care unit, Hu Feng pretended to be ill and recovered from his injury every day, but he learned that he almost obtained a 6-digit fudge value every second from the system . By the end of the day when Hu Feng was officially discharged, he accumulated more than 4 . 6 billion fudge value . Hu Feng was quite satisfied with this, after all, for the following seven realms project and the VR games for the public, he required as much as possible . At 8:30 in the morning, the ward door was suddenly pushed open when his parents were in the middle of discharge process . Hu Feng looked up casually and saw the 11 zodiac totem inheritors headed by Wu Zijuan and many high-level figures from the National Special Bureau . “Comrade Hu, I don’t know if you are interested in joining us, the national special bureau . The basic salary is 30 million RMB, and there’s also welfare subsidy...;” After greeting, Director Guo approached and showed that he would like to recruit him . “If you go out to carry out the task, according to the level of danger of each task, there will be items worth more than millions as extra rewards . ” “You see, they are also your companions . Everyone is a zodiac totem inheritor . ” Director Guo pointed to them and gestured to Hu Feng to look over . “You will have a good time with them, they are equally powerful . You don’t have to worry about being a freak in society . ” Director Guo retreated . As Director Guo had already talked to Wu Zijuan that she must recruit him no matter what kind of concessions they had to make, she quickly came up with a smile . “Hello, Hu Feng . I am Wu Zijuan, a member of the national special bureau headquarters, also the captain of the supernatural combat squad . You should know my basic information as we chatted these days . ” “But today is a formal occasion, so I should introduce myself – Wu Zijuan, Tiger Totem inheritor, from Hangzhou, Jiangsu...;” “Hello, I am the rabbit totem inheritor, Liu Junyi...;” “I am the horse totem inheritor Ren Yiqi...;” As they respectively introduced themselves, Hu Feng pretended to be ignorant and awkward, grabbing the back of his head and asking . “Well, what is the National Special Bureau? How many national staff personnel are included ? What kind of work do you usually do?” Director Guo said . “National special bureau, also known as the National Special Affairs Investigation and Processing Bureau, was newly established at the end of July, and the total number of members in the nation is more than 15,000 people . We specialize in dealing with supernatural events such as the water monkey in order to maximize the safety of the people throughout the country . ” Informing him of the origin and responsibility of the national special bureau, Director Guo began to introduce the other inheritors . “As you can see, these eleven young boys and girls who have won the inheritance of different zodiac totems are the biggest trump card against the supernatural events in our country . ” “Usually, after the occurrence of supernatural events, the nearby special bureau branch will send ordinary members to verify and investigate . If they confirm that they cannot handle it with physical means, they will report to the headquarters, and the second squad of the National Special Bureau teamed up with elites who have mastered the Kunlun Secret Martial Art of ‘Dragon Elephant Waves’ will deal with it...;” “If the second squad can’t handle it, it will be delivered to us, the first squad . ” Hearing this, Hu Feng pretended to be both curious and confused . “Director Guo, what do you mean by ‘Dragon Elephant Waves’?” “Ha-ha . ” “This is a state secret!” “Only those highly trusted by the party can learn and understand . At present, it’s the only cultivation method that can be promoted large-scale without any risk!” Mentioning this, Director Guo blushed as if he was bragging . Apparently, he tried to convince him to join the national special bureau with this . “Oh, I see . ” Hu Feng pretended to be moved but hesitant, but in fact, he was trying not to laugh . How could he not know the cultivation method he created when he was Meng Jingyu? It was funny to see people protecting and cherishing something only they considered valuable . “Of course, if you are willing to join us, you can learn the cultivation art as long as you keep the secret . ” “Assuming that your direct relatives, parents or lovers want to learn it, they have to obtain the approval from the superiors since it is related to the state’s high level of confidentiality . I hope that you can understand . ” At this moment, they even thought that the cultivation method had already touched him a bit, so he began to persuade him even more . “I really want to work for the country . After all, I am a proud citizen of China . ” Pretending to think about the pros and cons for a long time, Hu Feng suddenly raised his head and said . “But I don’t like to be restricted . ” Director Guo was thrilled upon hearing the first half of the sentence, but he became depressed after Hu Feng finished the sentence . Looking at Director Guo’s embarrassed face, Wu Zijuan decisively stood out and said . “It’s not a problem . Hu Feng, if you’re willing to join us, you can be the captain . ” “Then you...;” Not waiting for Hu Feng to finish, Director Guo said immediately . “Totally fine . Hu Feng, you are the captain, and Comrade Wu Zijuan will be the vice-captain . ” The original vice-captain, the ox totem inheritor Luo Yiyi was stunned . What happened? Why did no one even consider my feelings? Am I a normal team member now? Director Guo thought that he solved it, but Hu Feng seemed to have other opinions . “I appreciate that, but I am lazy . I do even want to manage a 12-person team . ” “Then how about I will handle everything, and you can keep the position of captain?” Frowning, Wu Zijuan immediately made a decision . “But you cannot refuse the scheduled normal training . Can you do this?” Nodding with satisfaction, Hu Feng said frankly . “In this case, then I can join the national special bureau . But I want to change the name of the team, is it okay?” “Doesn’t the name sound good now?” Wu Zijuan asked . “No, it’s good, but it doesn’t fit my opinions . ” Slightly sticking out his index finger and shaking, Hu Feng said loudly . “If possible, I hope that everyone can follow my advice and rename the team as ‘Chinese Dragon Group’!” “In the past, I have read an online novel called Chinese Dragon Group . ” Not waiting for someone to answer, Hu Feng told him or her why he would like to make a change . “The story tells the story of a mysterious organization dragon group whose members are as omnipotent as we are now . The difference is that they are guarding China with their youth and blood secretly . Even after many years, their heroic deeds still impressed me...;” Seeing the delighted face of Hu Feng, Wu Zijuan and others really wanted to check if he had a fever now . Hu Feng then asked . “Who opposes and who agrees?” In the intensive care unit, everyone looked at him speechless . They obviously knew that they did not have to be against it as long as Hu Feng was willing to join them . “Good, that’s it . ” Hu Feng then concluded . “From now on, the team is now officially renamed as the Chinese Dragon Group . I am also the dragon team leader!” Chapter 146 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 146: Victim</strong>  Time passed by, and right after Hu Feng joined the National Special Bureau, the cyber evil spirit became active, and so there were more and more victims! Wang Laoju was the first victim, but by no means the last one . As usual, Wang Laoju, a Bilibili stream, was playing computer games on her live broadcast and chatting with her fans . “My IQ is over 50!” “I’m the best streamer!” Along with his slogan, the atmosphere on her channel was good . However, suddenly, Wang Laoju was stunned in front of the camera . Her eyes widened in disbelief, narrowed the distance between himself and the computer screen, and kept asking his fans . “Sun Prison Invitation Letter, Congratulations on entering as the number 0011 criminal...;” “What! Does everyone see this? Is the hacker joking with me?” Her fans looked at the screen in confusion, but only saw the screenshot of Dark Soul . “Didn’t you wake up yet?” “What? I don’t see anything...;” “This joke sucks, Laoju!” As if ignoring them, Wang Laoju looked straight at the computer screen speechlessly . In the sight of his fans, something incredible happened . Ripples appeared on the computer screen and sucked Wang Laoju’s head inside suddenly, and swallowed her limbs at an extreme speed visible to the naked eye . In a flash, everything in the room was normal, but the streamer went missing . Wang Laoju is missing? “Laoju, is this a special effect?” “Laoju, come out! You scared me! ” “Is this real? Is there an accident? Did the computer eat him? Was she kidnapped by an alien?” “Call 110! Who knows where Wang Laoju lives?” Some even called the police . However, no one knew that not only she disappeared; instead, more than 300 streamers disappeared for no reason . All local police calls were occupied since the victims’ families or friends kept calling every minute . On the Internet, various rumors began to spread quickly though no one knew why they disappeared . A conjecture was gradually accepted by most netizens . The case of the mysterious disappearance of a large number of people living in the country in the past week might be a new supernatural event similar to Hyakkiyakou in Japan! It was referred to as [computer eating people] . So needless to say, those mysteriously disappeared would not come back again . Internet cafes and nets across the country plunged in turnover; workers in major companies that used computers were worried that they might disappear in the next second . Many people relying on computers when working, such as game planning, programmers, engineers and designers, started considering whether to change careers or not . After all, if they went missing, what would be the use of more money? Wang Laoju’s broadcast room had been temporarily taken over by the National Special Bureau, and they asked his wife to leave temporarily . On the third day of Wang Laoju’s disappearance, Captain Hu Feng started searching with other members, trying to find about any clues . Hard work paid off . 4 days later, Zhang Shichao, the dog totem heritor, succeeded in smelling a faintly invisible, heterogeneous breath from Wang Laoju’s computer hardware! After disassembling Wang Laoju’s computer hardware, Hu Feng finally found an unmoved, small shadow glued on the back of the computer . Realizing that it might be an important evidence, Zhang Shichao took out a transparent glass dish and was ready to bring it back . However, just as he took out the faint shadow, something weird took place! Now exposed to the light, the sesame-sized shadow swelled and grew . In a blink of an eye, it became a strange faceless existence in Japanese-style ninja costume composed of shadows with kunais at his waist . The faceless ninja raised his hand and dozens of shurikens flew out towards the crowd . The thick ink-like shadows quickly filled the room and the whole room was plunged into darkness . Wu Zijuan and others immediately sought shelter to protect themselves and cooperated to counterattack, as they had trained in the base of the national special bureau . However, before they acted, a bright lightning rumbled in the dark room! Later, they heard a heavy object slamming down on the ground, then the darkness was disappearing quickly, and the normal light was restored again . “Don’t worry . ” The darkness disappeared completely Hu Feng, with a pair of dragon horns on his head, stood still and stepped on the ninja who had a cracked wound on his chest . The body and limbs of the ninja dissipated and collapsed rapidly . The totem inheritors quickly came over . With a close look at the monster that had not completely collapsed and disappeared, everyone was stunned . Wu Zijuan could not help but murmur . “Why does it look like the servants of Xiangliu? The same shadow shape, the same ninja dress...;” Chapter 147 <strong>Translator</strong>: Sheng Chen <strong>Editor</strong>: Arya <strong>Chapter 147: Videos of Victims</strong>  I was waiting for you to ask, otherwise, how can I connect Chiyou with the clues? “In mainland China, there exists the servant of Japanese beast?” Hu Feng ‘frowned’ and said . “How do we explain it? Is it possible that the victim Wang Laoju’s disappearance is related to Xiangliu?” Wu Zijuan shook her head thoughtfully . “No, maybe it is not that simple...; Maybe Chiyou also plays an important role!” “Chiyou?” Thinking of Chiyou, the giant showing up in Japan a few months ago, the rest of the Chinese dragon group members turned fearful . “In any case, we must immediately report this major clue to our superiors . ” Hu Feng made a statement . Soon, they handed the task of guarding Wang Laoju’s residence over to the members of the second squad and left . The turmoil in all walks of life and the faint social panic attracted the attention of the leader of the country, so he convened every related personnel to discuss how to cope with the large-scale supernatural disappearance event in the country . As the top officials of the national special bureau, also the backbones of the 12 Zodiac totem inheritors Hu Feng and Wu Zijuan were of course eligible to participate in the meeting . After the report of Hu Feng and Wu Zijuan, the entire conference room was silent . Obviously, no one expected that Chiyou even intervened in the large-scale disappearance event! The head No . 1 thought for a moment and called Hu Feng . “Hu, since you’re the first one who found this, please represent the national special bureau to talk about the matter . ” This move was in line with Hu Feng’s wishes . He decisively uttered . “It is well known that Emperor Huang buried Chiyou’s body in different areas and ordered Dayu to build the 9 furnaces and the barrier to seal the latter before he died . Hence, when Chiyou shows up in the area, its strength will be weakened . ” “If I were Chiyou, then I would find a way to destroy the furnaces, recapture my own body, and take revenge on Emperor Huang’s descendants!” “Today, this event might have been the precursor to Chiyou plans to destroy the furnaces and the barrier . ” After the speech was over, Hu Feng sat down . The head No . 1 suddenly noticed that Cheng Bingde raised his hand and seemed to have something to say . The head called his name and Cheng Bingde stood up with decisiveness . He said loudly . “I agree with the statement of Captain Hu . ” “It is very likely another Chiyou’s plan after the water monkey!” “What do you mean?” The head No . 1 asked . “Everyone here should know the mobile game ‘Ghost Gate’ in Shanghai at the end of July, right?” Everyone in the conference room nodded . “You should know the result . Ghost Gate released a large number of evil spirits, all of which were captured by the mages from the underground hell...;” He then continued . “At first, like everyone else, I thought that it was the end of the event . ” “But in the past week, the strange disappearance event suddenly woke me up . ” “Although the evil spirits have been taken away by the mages, the culprit ‘Ghost Gate’ seems to still existing in the world!” Everyone followed his logic and understood what he wanted to express . Chiyou might be colluding with Ghost Gate, thus causing the large-scale disappearance event nationwide . After all, even the barrier restricted Chiyou, the up-and-coming star of the supernatural world – the Ghost Gate, could probably break free even if bound by the furnace barrier . In addition, from the relationship between natural enemies, even the mages from underground hell could restrict Ghost Gate; it was no match for Chiyou! Assuming that Chiyou and Ghost Gate colluded with each other, Chiyou helped the latter to control the mages, and the latter helped Chiyou make trouble in China with Xiangliu, destroying the 9 furnaces and the barrier...; With contemplation, more and more think tank members in the conference room felt it possible . The head No . 1 also crossed his hands and looked solemn, as his anxiety was overwhelming . However, at this moment, Hu Feng suddenly raised his hand . After the nomination of the head No . 1, Hu Feng stood up again . “The speech of the Chief of Staff is quite scary, but I think that there are some defects . ” “If Chiyou and Ghost Gate colluded with each other, they should be strong enough in terms of strength . ” He went on . “Why do they have to make many people disappear throughout the country?” Looking at Cheng Bingde, Hu Feng asked . “So I would like to ask the Chief of Staff, in your conjecture, why does Chiyou and the Ghost Gate have to create such a large-scale disappearance event?” Cheng Bingde was speechless . “Thank you, Captain Hu, you pointed out the flaws in my conjecture . ” He was also very sincerely acknowledging that he was not thinking enough . “As for why they have to create such a large-scale disappearance event, I really can’t give an explanation . I can be sure that there’s a reason that they must do it . ” Of course, it is impossible for you to give a logical explanation because I have not given you the next clue . Don’t worry; I will give you the clue now . “You don’t have to be so polite, Chief of Staff . ” While secretly controlling cyber evil spirit to release a large number of videos of victims on the Internet, Hu Feng he smiled gently . “I just think that we should clarify every detail...;” “In fact, before I stood up, I was really worried that if you would demote me after I pointed out the flaw in your conjecture . ” Hu Feng’s playful words made everyone laugh in the meeting room . The head No . 1 smiled, and Cheng Bingde was stunned . “Captain Hu, thanks for reminding me!” Then he simply pretended to be sinister and said indifferently . “Hey! In the future, I will intentionally pick on the reports of the national special bureau! Dare to point my flaws out? You will regret it!” The laughter in the conference room was even louder . Some even shouted loudly, asking Hu Feng to send a big red envelope to apologize and remind him that the chief of staff was famous for being sinister . Suddenly, the Secretary-General with the highest head of the national cybersecurity department, rushed to report new major discovery . On the national Internet, there have been many specific videos about all the victims in the supernatural disappearance event! //I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Chapter 148 2 mins ago0 Views Translator: Sheng Chen Editor: Arya <strong>Chapter 148: Wrong</strong>  Under the command of the head, they played the video of the victims with the large projector in the conference room. The video of the first victim nationwide, Wang Laoju, was also the first to be played. On the screen, Wang Laoju looked around in panic in a yellow-striped criminal costume. She was obviously in a completely strange environment. To be precise, she seemed to be locked down in a simple cell. The iron fence isolated him from the outside, and there were only a small bed and a night toilet. The only source of light in the room was flashing, apparently showing the insufficient supply current. “Let me out! I am not a criminal!” “You caught the wrong person!” Wang Laoju was desperately yelling loudly, but it still didn’t help as no prison guards showed up, which made her more and more depressed. She obviously realized something was wrong. “No, I remembered that I was in my room...; Why am I in this cell now?” “I see! The invitation to the Sun Prison on the computer screen?” Uncomfortably groaning, Wang Laoju felt his head blasting, and he half squatted on the ground, unbelievably talking to himself. “I...; Am I in this sun prison now? How is it possible? It was just a game!” The video was over, and the Secretary-General had distributed the documents to everyone in the conference room, all of which were related to Wang Laoju’s biography and information about the Sun Prison. It turned out that Wang Laoju once played a trial of a single-player game of building a prison from scratch on an open space to control and managing the criminals sent by the government. At that time, Wang Laoju named his prison the Sun Prison. In the Sun Prison, Wang Laoju abused criminals and prison guards. For example, she built toilets on the two sides of the criminal canteen, so the prisoners had to dine while watching the people taking shit, she kept the warden in the office, and authorized the prison guards to have the right to freely fire, and hence the prison morgue was always full...; Reading at the information on these documents, everyone in the conference room could not help but be shocked. Unanimously, a question appeared in everyone’s mind: In other words, Wang Laoju, the first victim, actually appeared in the game he played. “The game kidnapped humans?” Recalling the peculiar event in Shanghai in the past, the head No. 1 started to believe that Ghost Gate did it. As he continued to watch the video, he saw that Wang Laoju was afraid, but the iron fence that blocked Wang Laoju suddenly let out a dull and squeaky sound, and it opened “Can I go out?” Wang Laoju couldn’t help but rush out of the cell. Outside the corridor, there were cells on her left and right. Wang Laoju looked over alertly and found all of them empty. She looked at her front and it was the end of the dark corridor that whirled repeatedly. Since human beings were afraid of black, Wang Laoju didn’t dare to move forward. “Cough!” However, the head felt it weird and coughed. “Slow down the video when the victim was leaving the cell.” The Secretary-General immediately rewound the video very slowly. When Wang Laoju was desperately squatting on the ground, a dark stream, which was almost invisible, flowed from his feet to the outside world, and then turned into new cells and a tiled corridor. The world outside the cell where Wang Laoju was originally imprisoned was completely chaotic darkness, but under the self-construction of the dark stream, more new prison environments were inexplicably born. Almost everyone in the conference room was stunned. After quite a while, a scholar muttered. “What are the dark stream flowing from the victim’s feet?” Hu Feng said thoughtfully. &#8220;According to my observation, there’s nothing else in the cell, so the dark stream cannot be foreign objects.&#8221; He went on. “The dark stream did not exist at the beginning, but was gradually emerging when Wang Laoju was desperate.” “Captain Hu, what do you mean? Are those things the negative emotions of the victim?” Some experts looked at him incredulously. Hu Feng did not negate or affirm. “I am not the victim after all. I can’t confirm it. I just put forward a hypothesis.” “No, maybe your assumption is right, but we can’t accept it immediately.” Some professors who sorted out their own ideas found Hu Feng’s assumption reasonable. The head No. 1 did not give any answer, but kept playing the video. In the screen, Wang Laoju eventually bit her teeth and walked towards the end of the corridor covered with darkness. However, after a few steps, a fierce and painful scream was heard. The screen was distorted. When it became clear, it had returned to the small prison cell, and everything seemed to start again. Everything was the same in the same cell. The only difference was that Wang Laoju had become more violent and furious. &#8220;Damn mages who ruined the Ghost Gate! If I get a chance, I will kill you!&#8221; Instead being anxious like before, she screamed angrily. “My past life was a cyber evil spirit. Even if the past data flow was completely gone and it has now scattered into hundreds of thousands of separate small data trapped in a mortal body, all kinds of experience and memory still exist. I even have several ways to enter the underground hell!” <strong> I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Book 1 (Chapter 1 to 55), Book 2 (Chapter 56 to 104) &amp; Final Book 3 (Chapter 105 to 160) is Available at Amazon! </strong>  24 hours ago 2 days ago 4 days ago Translator: xjshengchen Editor: Arya/Alterious/DemonicallyInspired //I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Chapter 149 2 mins ago0 Views Translator: Sheng Chen Editor: Arya <strong>Chapter 149: Unvisited</strong>  Wang Laoju reached out and countless data streams consisting of ones and zeros were born out of nothingness and turned into a beam of light floating in the air. Wang Laoju was slightly relieved. &#8220;Although most capacity from my past life was gone, the ability to digitize is still preserved. It’s only a matter of time to deal with the mages.&#8221; “The first step, I need to absorb a lot of negative emotions on the Internet to enhance my dataization ability.” “The second step is to sort out my collection of up to hundreds of thousands of people. We will fight against the underground hell and destroy the mages.” “The third step is to rule the world, starting from Asia...;” “What?” Many experts and professors in the conference room were stunned. How could he be the cyber evil spirit? He was clearly an ordinary person who had encountered supernatural event for the first time? Why Wang Laoju talked to himself like a perpetrator? Many expert professors were speechless since their common sense could not explain this phenomenon, but some of the younger members thought of a situation. Memory modificaion! “The head, it should be the Ghost Gate that did this!” “It changed and interfered with the memory of Wang Laoju, making her take it for granted that his enemies are the mages and he was actually the cyber evil spirit.” “I don’t know if you have read online novels. It’s the revival with other bodies as a medium.” Hu Feng and others were shocked. It was difficult to imagine the invisible fear of your memory being modified. After the memory changes, an enemy became a relative, a friend became a stranger, the original personality collapsed, and you consider yourself as a reborn person, fighting with the wish in your so-called ’previous life’. Judging from the current number of missing people in the country, the cyber evil spirit at least kidnapped 100,000 living people. If it brainwashed them one by one, interfered with their memories, and convinced them that they were part of the cyber evil spirit in their past lives, they would easily have a large number of loyal and unrelenting soldiers. If it opened the channel to the underground hell, let them storm the front, and weakened the mages’ strength, the cyber evil spirit would take them down with ease. “But why did the cyber evil spirit release a large number of victims’ videos in advance and deliberately tell us their plan?&#8221; Hu Feng pretended to say in an extremely puzzled way. Some experts and professors thought about it for a moment and arbitrarily speculated. “Confidence!” “It knows that even if it tells us his plan, there is no way for us to stop it.” Some experts even boldly inferred. “From the perspective of Wang Laoju, there may be a limit to the number of people with memories modified. At most, it is about 100,000.” “Otherwise, its second step won’t mention the number 100,000.” “So, perhaps in the future, no one will disappear.” The head No.1 frowned. As these experts and professors said, the biggest trump card they had now was the Chinese dragon group, but none of them had the special ability to enter the underground hell or the Internet data world. After all, there might be no concept of underground hell in the era of the Emperor Huang, not to mention the Internet data world. Therefore, it was reasonable that the twelve zodiac totem inheritors didn’t have such abilities. Now they knew the reasons why the Ghost Gate kidnapped so many people in the country. Maybe it did it for negative emotions? Or, it would brainwash them and made them vanguards to deal with the mages? However, the specific reason was not so important since the government had to stop it as quickly as possible! Very helplessly, the country did not have any means at all. A week after the meeting, there was no one disappearing throughout the country, but it perfectly fit the experts’ bold inferences, thus not only could it bring any psychological comfort to the head No. 1, but it also made him uneasy and extremely worried about the follow-up event. Another week passed. There was an uninvited guest in the headquarters of the National Special Bureau. He was the one who disappeared a few months ago – Meng Jingyu! Accompanied by Director Guo and others, Hu Feng also shook hands with the uninvited guest. No one knew that, in fact, Meng Jingyu was his former identity. <strong> I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Book 1 (Chapter 1 to 55), Book 2 (Chapter 56 to 104) &amp; Final Book 3 (Chapter 105 to 160) is Available at Amazon! </strong>  3 days ago 4 days ago 5 days ago Translator: WuWang Editor: Luiswu NEW NOVEL: Urban Carefree Immortal Emperor //I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Chapter 150 2 mins ago0 Views Translator: Sheng Chen Editor: Arya <strong>Chapter 150: For Love</strong>  After the greetings, Meng Jingyu quickly stated why he returned. In the past few months, he had been secretly visiting all parts of mainland China and searching his lover Lin Qingxue day and night. Unfortunately, no matter how hard he worked, his efforts were in vain. To this day, he already had no hope in finding Lin Qingxue in the world. Coincided with his disappointment, he advanced his cultivation realm! Right now, he had the ability to open the gate to the underground hell. Now he particularly came to the national special bureau because he hoped they could take care of his body when his soul traveled to the underground hell. Though stunned, the staff of the national special bureau were delighted because they were still worried that they had no way to enter the underground hell to stop the cyber evil spirit. Now Meng Mengyu’s request fit their ideas perfectly! No longer hesitating, Director Guo decisively invited Meng Jingyu to talk to himself alone. Of course, Hu Feng did not refuse, thus he controlled Meng Jingyu to talk with Director Guo. Director Guo then elaborated the cause and effect to Meng Jingyu. Listening to him quietly, Meng Jingyu seemed to understand what he meant beyond his words. “So you want me to take the opportunity to stop the cyber evil spirit and destroy its conspiracy.” “If possible, we hope that you can give it a try...;” Director Guo rubbed his palm slightly. He knew that stopping the cyber evil spirit recklessly might lead them to failure. Unexpectedly, Meng Jingyu did he not euphemistically refuse, but stood quietly for a long time and promised. “Well, anyway, I am just a lonely man. Why should I be afraid of death?” Meng Jingyu seemed to be a bit tired of the world and depressed. Noticing that something was wrong, Director Guo couldn’t help but frown. “What happened to you, Master Meng?” Meng Jingyu smiled wryly and didn’t say anything. After a while, he answered. “After I adjust my body and mind to the peak, my soul will enter the underground hell at noon 7 days later. Please protect my body then.” Asking for help, Director Guo nodded. “Of course!” Later, Director Guo began to arrange the food and accommodation for him. Seeing Director Guo leaving the room, Hu Feng took the initiative to come over and say. “Director Guo, we finished the combination training of the Dragon Group today.” After the appearance of the dragon totem inheritor Hu Feng, other inheritors could cooperate with each other well and stimulate the hidden skill. Since then, they had been training to enhance mutual understanding. To this day, Hu Feng felt that it was about time they realized the powerful act, thus he reported to Director Guo. “Good! Just in time!” Director Guo calmed himself down and reported all the news to the head No. 1. The head No. 1 was overjoyed and stated that Meng Jingyu’s action after seven days was definitely a good timing! Moreover, since Chiyou did not show up and did not take the initiative to destroy the furnaces, perhaps he could not touch the furnaces himself, so he always tried to destroy it by means of others. They could fully publicize that the country would dig up the furnaces seven days later to attract Chiyou or Xiangliu to come to the scene. At that time, the Chinese Dragon Group would perform their combination act. The combination of the cyber evil spirit and Chiyou would be dismantled because of the return of Meng Jingyu. The cyber evil spirit in the underground hell must cope with Meng Jingyu, and the Chinese dragon group could pin down Chiyou in the mortal world. Understanding the plan, Director Guo nodded and started preparing. In order to fool the enemies, the plan of the national government began. The plan codenamed [9 furnaces] was issued. Hundreds of thousands of industrial workers were mobilized, and various huge earth-boring exploration machines were transported to the Turtle Mountain. As the media kept promoting that they would dig out the Yangzhou furnace in Turtle Mountain, ordinary workers only knew that they were going to excavate the furnace casted by Dayu. No one knew that the military surveillance satellites monitored every inch of the Turtle Mountain area 24-7. Director Guo and the head No. 1 were all looking forward to the coming of Chiyou. On the ground, Hu Feng and other 12 zodiac totem inheritors, since having sensitive five senses, were dispatched to different locations nearby to search. On the seventh day, Meng Jingyu meditated quietly and gradually slowed down his heartbeat. Director Guo even personally guarded the room Meng Jingyu was located to avoid anything from disturbing the former to enter the underground hell with his soul. <strong> I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Book 1 (Chapter 1 to 55), Book 2 (Chapter 56 to 104) &amp; Final Book 3 (Chapter 105 to 160) is Available at Amazon! </strong>  21 hours ago 4 days ago 5 days ago Translator: WuWang Editor: Luiswu //I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Chapter 151 2 mins ago0 Views Translator: Sheng Chen Editor: Arya <strong>Chapter 151: Xuanyuan Sword vs. Chiyou</strong>  In the Turtle Mountain under the scorching sun, Wu Zijuan suddenly felt a strange breath from the northeast. “Is it Chiyou or his minions are approaching?” She quickly signaled and continued to patrol as always. Receiving the signal, the other inheritors silently began to patrol, but the patrol routes were changed. From the satellite image, they seemed to meet each other at the place of the strange breath 15 minutes later. When they were about to meet each other, Hu Feng took the lead in launching an offensive against the unusual breath, followed by the others. Suffering from a sudden offensive, the breather could no longer hide himself. In the sky, a giant vortex showed up, Chiyou was in the center of the vortex, and Xiangliu entangled on his shoulder. However, in the barrier, his figure was less than 30 meters tall. “It turns out that Chiyou actually came personally! No, it’s Chiyou and Xiangliu!&#8221; Through satellite observations, the national special bureau immediately transmitted the instructions. They instructed Hu Feng and others to be careful, and it was best to perform the combination act immediately. Along with the shouts of everyone, light of different colors was released from the twelve zodiac totem inheritors, and there seemed to be 12 more suns shining in the sky. When the dazzling glare gradually ceased, there was only a sleek and heavy sword in the sky. The sword was engraved with the sun, the moon and the stars on one side, and mountains, rivers and grass on the other side. The top of the blade was engraved with incomprehensible characters, and senior officials quickly translated it with the help of the national database – Xuanyuan. “Is this the sword of Emperor Huang?” “How is it possible? Are we dreaming?” Looking at each other, all the staff in the control platform center seemed to be able to read the shock in the others’ eyes. When the inheritors merged into the Xuanyuan Sword in the sky, chirpings of dragons became audible nearby. Everyone could clearly feel that the world seemed to be cheering for the birth of the sword. The sword was floating in the air across from the vortex. Rumble! As the mighty thunder rumbled, everyone could feel the horrible power in the darkness. Though thunder landed on the Xuanyuan sword, it could not damage any part of the blade, but it seemed to add a layer of blue light curtain on the Xuanyuan Sword, making it look more extraordinary. Though the Xuanyuan Sword had not yet attacked, under the inexhaustible lightning, its momentum skyrocketed every minute and every second. People on the scene subconsciously saw a sturdy golden dragon shadow haunting around the Xuanyuan Sword, but it suddenly disappeared when people came out of their trances. “Is this your plan? Let’s fight!” Seeing the imposing Xuanyuan Sword, Chiyou started moving. Step by step, Chiyou walked in midair smoothly, and even the sounds of his heavy footsteps could be heard. Nothing could erase any of the heroic ambitions of Chiyou, even for thousands of years, his resolution was still overwhelming. His powerful and masculine body seemed to be showing the true definition of the god of war to the world. Each of his four arms was holding a cold weapon, his two original arms were clasping the Suzaku blades that burned with raging fire, and the shadow of Suzaku rose up behind him. Crisp chirpings of Suzaku sounded fascinating but also overwhelming. With the continuous advancement of Chiyou, they were only less than 10,000 meters away from each other. Though it was a long way for ordinary people, this distance was just a like a small step on satellite map! The momentum of the Xuanyuan Sword no longer skyrocketed, and its tip moved slightly forward, as if aiming at the head of Chiyou. Chiyou no longer walked forward, and he narrowed his eyes inadvertently. The raging fire rose to the sky, and he was covered with a flaming armor. “Fight!” Roaring, Chiyou enhanced his momentum to the limit and rushed to the front. The Suzaku blades he held tore the air and burst with infinite fire. Flaming heat overwhelmed and everything seemed to be torn into countless pieces when Chiyou swung the blades. At this moment, the concept of space became meaningless at all, and it was smashed by Chiyou’s attack like the window made of glass. Time even stopped at this moment as everyone witnessing it could only feel the long instant, and the past decades seemed to be insignificant in this moment. “Even under the restriction of the barrier of Emperor Huang, Chiyou is still such powerful!” “If there is no limit, it is hard to imagine what would be left after the attack!” Looking at the monitor of the satellite images, the head No. 1 muttered. “We can only hope that the Xuanyuan Sword can stop him.&#8221; Though the head No. 1 actually arranged a number of nuclear warhead missiles to target the mountain, considering the nuclear pollution and the safety of the members of the Chinese Dragon Group, he did not rush to order the launch, but chose to wait for the follow-up situation. Chiyou rushed forward and the Xuanyuan Sword dashed against the Suzaku blades. Xuanyuan Sword with the mighty momentum advanced at a crazy speed. As the swords intersected, and the endless light burst, no one could see clearly what exactly happened here. At the scene, people heard something screaming, then there were dozens of pieces of snake bodies falling down. It turned out that Xiangliu, wrapped around Chiyou’s left shoulder, had already lost his life under the Xuanyuan Sword. Then, people couldn’t see anything else. There seemed to be nothing else but the glare beyond everything! After a long time, the infinite light in the sky was finally annihilated. Looking around, there were only 12 members of the Chinese Dragon Group on the ground. “Captain Hu, are you okay?” Responsible for the isolation of the scene from a distance, the personnel immediately approached. “Cough...; I’m fine, I’m just exhausted...;” After the personnel helped Hu Feng get up, he pretended to talk weakly. “Immediately report to the superior, Chiyou...; Chiyou has been severely wounded by us and may not appear for decades.&#8221; Cocking his head, Hu Feng passed out. “Captain Hu!” Several personnel could not help but panic and shout. “Where is the medical staff?” <strong> I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Book 1 (Chapter 1 to 55), Book 2 (Chapter 56 to 104) &amp; Final Book 3 (Chapter 105 to 160) is Available at Amazon! </strong>  24 hours ago 2 days ago 5 days ago Translator: WuWang Editor: Luiswu //I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Chapter 152 2 mins ago0 Views Translator: Sheng Chen Editor: Arya <strong>Chapter 152: Win-win</strong>  Earth never stopped spinning because of the absence of anyone, but in human society, the death of an important person often caused turmoil. In National Special bureau, the door to the guarded room was open, Meng Jingyu bled all over his face, held the lovers lamp with left hand, and lay on the ground. Director Guo and others helped him up and were anxious to wait for the medical staff. Unlike others around, Meng Jingyu smiled and clenched his right hand. A transparent sphere with data streams consisting of zeros and ones could be seen inside appeared in his palm. Grabbing the hand of Director Guo, Meng Jingyu handed the transparent sphere to him and said slowly. Though he was talking slowly, he sounded like ordering formally. “I fought the cyber evil spirit when visiting the underground hell, knocking it back to its prototype, but I was already exhausted. My injury is so bad that no one can save me...;&#8221; “Take this prototype of the cyber evil spirit on behalf of the country, and I’ve already saved those kidnapped by the cyber evil spirit...;” Hearing this, they were also pleasantly surprised, but they became depressed when thinking of Meng Jingyu’s injury. “Master Meng...;” Muttering openly, Director Guo did not know what he should say now. “Don’t say some nonsense. I don’t blame you. Before I entered the underground hell, I had the resolution to die.” On his pale face, it seemed like he was recalling his memory. &#8220;You and I promised for a hundred years...;&#8221; “Xingxue, wait for me in the afterlife.” Meng Jingyu’s hands hung down. Countless broken spots surged from Meng Jingyu’s body and disappeared into the air at the fastest speed to naked eyes. In the end, the traces of Meng Jingyu were gone, and only the prototype of the cyber evil spirit held by Director Guo carefully was left. Shortly after, each member of the Chinese Dragon Group received a national special gold medal, and everything seemed to be fading away from people’s sight. However, Hu Feng had only done 4 out of the 7 of his Seven Realms Project. “A few days ago, I wanted to create a virtual game world developed for the general public. Now, I can take advantage of the prototype of the cyber evil spirit composed of countless zeros and ones.” Hu Feng’s plan was very simple. If there were no external pressure or a major social problem, the national government would not allow the promotion of VR games. After all, once the VR games were open to the public, wouldn’t the game market that contributed hundreds of billions of dollars in tax revenue to the national government every year disappear? Even if the quality of a normal game was spectacular, could it be compared with the VR game that created the senses of smell, touch, sight, hearing and taste? Therefore, he decided to force the country to promote the virtual game world by means of state means. There were still 4 of 7 projects not implemented, including [Magic], [Monster], [Fairy] and [Buddha]. He decided to adjust the plan. “First make everything like animals, plants, household appliances and crafts become monsters and can speak, making the state in over their head and making people worried. This is the [Monster] Project.” “Let the Buddha and the Taoist Shushan Swordsman reincarnate. The two then fight and declare the foreboding of the Monster Project.&#8221; “When the country becomes anxious, the two propose their own means and ask to borrow the prototype of the cyber evil spirit!” &#8220;The reincarnation of Buddha wants to use the cyber evil spirit prototype to combine the Dharma magical powers to arrange the blissful world, sheltering his followers, and so does the Taoist Shushan Swordsman.&#8221; There was only one cyber evil spirit, thus the country couldn’t make the choice. Hu Feng inferred that the most likely thing for the country to do was to make Buddhism and Taoism cooperate, so that they could jointly protect the 1.3 billion Chinese people. He could secretly manipulate the two extraordinary existence, Buddhism and Taoism, and raise objections that they were not real cultivators or had such magical power to protect billions of people. “At that moment, let the two discuss and compromise to cancel the original plan and create a big virtual game world with the cyber evil spirit as a prototype.” “They will hide the cultivation methods in the virtual game world. As long as the players try and find it, they can bring it to reality to cultivate it. After he becomes strong, he will not be afraid of the evil.” “By selling the virtual game world, it is also a big source of national tax revenue, and the country will not reject this win-win approach.” <strong> I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Book 1 (Chapter 1 to 55), Book 2 (Chapter 56 to 104) &amp; Final Book 3 (Chapter 105 to 160) is Available at Amazon! </strong>  13 hours ago 2 days ago 2 days ago Translator: Yuchaoz Editors: Fire, Wise //I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Chapter 153 1 min ago0 Views Translator: Sheng Chen Editor: Arya <strong>Chapter 154: Boy</strong>  “What happened to the world?” Holding mobile phones, people could not believe that the news was real. [Domestic pets talked.][Panda claimed himself to be a freshman in college. The breeder fainted out.][Shock! One night, the house actually left home.][Household appliances started a riot and the owner had to flee.] “What happened to the world?” In fact, even the national special bureau could not accept it. Early in the morning, an increasing number of strange events were handed over to the national special bureau! The events were scattered throughout the country, thus Director Guo had to temporarily transfer many personnel from other institutions. Otherwise, the bureau couldn’t handle so many heavy news. When Director Guo was desperately urging the staff to dispatch personnel to various cities across the country, Qin Wenhui suddenly reported a major event. It turned out that staff in Zhejiang witnessed a naked boy standing in the middle of the Buddha light on the Buddha Mountain peak 10 minutes ago. He pointed his finger to the sky and another to the ground, singing the Buddhist songs. A large number of Buddhist believers were extremely surprised, and many monks rushed out in fear and called him the Buddha “In the rumored Buddhist mythology, when Sakyamuni became a Buddha, he completely realized his own body. Pointing to the sky with one finger and to the ground with another, he thus became the Buddha itself.” Director Guo couldn’t help but think about it. Calming himself down, he couldn’t help but ask again. “Are you sure that this news is true?” “There is no flying equipment on the scene. It is a 5-year-old boy who bathed in the depths of the Buddha light. Do you think this is a farce?” Gasping, Director Guo immediately ordered the preparation of a special plane, and recruited all members of the Chinese Dragon Group to go to Zhejiang Buddha Mountain together to identify whether it was the Buddha. 10 minutes ago, there were many believers coming to the Buddha Mountain since supernatural events pervaded all over the world this year. Suddenly, a colorful halo appeared from above the summit of the mountain, and winds raged the mountain. The believers who came to worship the Buddha began to groan, and many simply took out their mobile phones to take photos, trying to keep this wonderful Buddha light forever or to share with friends and family who could not come in person. However, at this moment, some believers with good eyesight suddenly saw a person sitting in the middle of the Buddha light above the summit. Adjusting the camera of the mobile phone, they could clearly see a naked boy sitting in the center of the Buddha light. Seeming to notice everyone’s gaze, the boy stood upright and pointed his finger to the sky and another finger to the ground. The atmosphere around him suddenly changed as it became mysterious. Soon after, the scene turned completely chaotic as many monks kept chanting the name of Buddha. The crowds were gathered and in the middle of the Buddha’s light, the boy was still mediating silently. When Director Guo and others arrived at the scene, they successfully locked down the mountain with the help of local police, armed police, firefighters and other local personnel in Zhejiang and expelled all Buddhists and monks. Director Guo asked the Chinese Dragon Group to see if the boy was a swindler, who had some novelty means to achieve this kind of sensation. Perceiving, they learned that it was definitely not a trick as the boy looked unfathomable, and he was definitely a great Buddhist monk. Changing his mind, Director Guo was ready to formally meet with the boy. <strong> I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Book 1 (Chapter 1 to 55), Book 2 (Chapter 56 to 104) &amp; Final Book 3 (Chapter 105 to 160) is Available at Amazon! </strong>  2 days ago 2 days ago 3 days ago Translator: WuWang Editor: Luiswu //I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Chapter 154 2 mins ago0 Views Translator: Sheng Chen Editor: Arya <strong>Chapter 154: Boy</strong>  “What happened to the world?” Holding mobile phones, people could not believe that the news was real. [Domestic pets talked.][Panda claimed himself to be a freshman in college. The breeder fainted out.][Shock! One night, the house actually left home.][Household appliances started a riot and the owner had to flee.] “What happened to the world?” In fact, even the national special bureau could not accept it. Early in the morning, an increasing number of strange events were handed over to the national special bureau! The events were scattered throughout the country, thus Director Guo had to temporarily transfer many personnel from other institutions. Otherwise, the bureau couldn’t handle so many heavy news. When Director Guo was desperately urging the staff to dispatch personnel to various cities across the country, Qin Wenhui suddenly reported a major event. It turned out that staff in Zhejiang witnessed a naked boy standing in the middle of the Buddha light on the Buddha Mountain peak 10 minutes ago. He pointed his finger to the sky and another to the ground, singing the Buddhist songs. A large number of Buddhist believers were extremely surprised, and many monks rushed out in fear and called him the Buddha “In the rumored Buddhist mythology, when Sakyamuni became a Buddha, he completely realized his own body. Pointing to the sky with one finger and to the ground with another, he thus became the Buddha itself.” Director Guo couldn’t help but think about it. Calming himself down, he couldn’t help but ask again. “Are you sure that this news is true?” “There is no flying equipment on the scene. It is a 5-year-old boy who bathed in the depths of the Buddha light. Do you think this is a farce?” Gasping, Director Guo immediately ordered the preparation of a special plane, and recruited all members of the Chinese Dragon Group to go to Zhejiang Buddha Mountain together to identify whether it was the Buddha. 10 minutes ago, there were many believers coming to the Buddha Mountain since supernatural events pervaded all over the world this year. Suddenly, a colorful halo appeared from above the summit of the mountain, and winds raged the mountain. The believers who came to worship the Buddha began to groan, and many simply took out their mobile phones to take photos, trying to keep this wonderful Buddha light forever or to share with friends and family who could not come in person. However, at this moment, some believers with good eyesight suddenly saw a person sitting in the middle of the Buddha light above the summit. Adjusting the camera of the mobile phone, they could clearly see a naked boy sitting in the center of the Buddha light. Seeming to notice everyone’s gaze, the boy stood upright and pointed his finger to the sky and another finger to the ground. The atmosphere around him suddenly changed as it became mysterious. Soon after, the scene turned completely chaotic as many monks kept chanting the name of Buddha. The crowds were gathered and in the middle of the Buddha’s light, the boy was still mediating silently. When Director Guo and others arrived at the scene, they successfully locked down the mountain with the help of local police, armed police, firefighters and other local personnel in Zhejiang and expelled all Buddhists and monks. Director Guo asked the Chinese Dragon Group to see if the boy was a swindler, who had some novelty means to achieve this kind of sensation. Perceiving, they learned that it was definitely not a trick as the boy looked unfathomable, and he was definitely a great Buddhist monk. Changing his mind, Director Guo was ready to formally meet with the boy. <strong> I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Book 1 (Chapter 1 to 55), Book 2 (Chapter 56 to 104) &amp; Final Book 3 (Chapter 105 to 160) is Available at Amazon! </strong>  20 hours ago 2 days ago 3 days ago Translator: WuWang Editor: Luiswu //I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Chapter 155 1 min ago0 Views Translator: Sheng Chen Editor: Arya <strong>5 More Chapters Left to End! 🙂</strong>  <strong>Chapter 155: Please Stop</strong>  On a helicopter, Director Guo tried to communicate with him. “Are you Sakyamuni the Buddha?” Hearing him, the naked boy opened his eyes and said. “Why do you ask? I am the Buddha, but I am also not the Buddha...;” Noticing Director Guo’s confusion, Hu Feng asked. &#8220;We call them the reincarnators. I wonder if Master is also the same.&#8221; He didn’t answer, in the view of Director Guo and others, the boy seemed to agree with this statement. God, was the kid the reincarnation of the Buddha? Surprisingly, Director Guo smiled and lowered his posture, making him look more sincerely. “So, how should we call you, Master?” “The disaster is coming, the world is like a prison, and I am willing to help people save themselves with great wisdom and perseverance. Just call me Wisdom.” Not waiting for Director Guo to ask what the disaster was, the boy suddenly looked up and stared at his front, making Director Guo feel that he was naked in front of the other party. “Amitabha! I obtained a thing called the prototype of the cyber evil spirit.” The boy smiled. “It has a fate with Buddha. If you donate it, you can protect the people from the disaster.” “Master Wisdom, how do you know...;” Director Guo was stunned, as not more than 20 people knew the existence of the prototype of the cyber evil spirit in the entire bureau. “No big deal, please take care of the overall situation and give us the treasure.” Director Guo frowned. “Master, this is a major reference for us to study supernatural events, and it is difficult for others to know its existence; let alone I do not have permission to give it to you.&#8221; Director Guo naturally hoped him to forget about it. However, the latter seemed to turn a deaf ear and smiled. “Fine, I know what you’re thinking.” Waving his hands, Director Guo and others, even including the helicopter itself, shrank hundreds of times and landed in the palms of the boy. &#8220;I will find the person with permission.&#8221; Director Guo and others only felt that the environment was changing rapidly, and instantly everyone had left his hands and landed in the office of the head No. 1. The head No. 1 was looking at it in shock. Clasping his hands, Master repeated what he said to Director Guo the head No. 1. Taking this opportunity, Director Guo quickly told the head No. 1 the identity of the Buddha’s reincarnation. Suddenly whistling sounds came from outside the administrative building, and a Taoist monk in a green robe was standing on a flying sword. “Please stop!” “I heard that you have a stuff called the prototype of the cyber evil spirit. It has fate with me, please give it to me.” Looking straight at the boy, this person touched his beard and said. Everyone looked at them in amazement. “You are the head of Shushan now, why do you want to compete with me for a common thing?” The long-bearded person glanced at the other side. “I can never understand it since it’s such an invaluable treasure!&#8221; The two stared at each other furiously, and they almost started fighting as if there were no outsiders. Master Wisdom teleported to the side of the head No. 1 and solemnly said. “I hope you can give me the treasure so that I can protect the public from the disaster with it.” The head No. 1 was shocked and speechless. “Please don’t believe him.” The long-bearded man put away the flying sword and came to the head No. 1. “The disaster might never come, so why do you threaten him? “If you can give this treasure to me, I promise that I will protect you all if the disaster really occurs.” Everyone could see that they were both eager to get the prototype of the cyber evil spirit. The head No. 1 thought for a while and smiled. “Two masters, this treasure is unusual. Please forgive me that I need more time to think.” <strong> I’m the Boss Who Modified the World &#8211; Book 1 (Chapter 1 to 55), Book 2 (Chapter 56 to 104) &amp; Final Book 3 (Chapter 105 to 160) is Available at Amazon! </strong>  23 hours ago 2 days ago 3 days ago Translator: Yuchaoz Editors: Fire, Wise